aver the annies list political group supports third trimester abortions on demand
says list annies the political group supports third trimester abortions on demand
says the annies list political group supports third trimester abortions on demand 
When did the decline of coal start? It started when natural gas took off that started to begin in (President George W.) Bushs administration.
Hillary Clinton agrees with John McCain "by voting to give George Bush the benefit of the doubt on Iran."
health likely reform legislation is care to mandate free sex change surgeries
health care reform lawmaking is likely to mandate free sex change surgeries
health care reform legislation is likely to mandate free sex change surgeries 
The economic turnaround started at the end of my term.
The Chicago Bears have had more starting quarterbacks in the last 10 years than the total number of tenured (UW) faculty fired during the last two decades.
Jim Dunnam has not lived in the district he represents for years now.
"I'm the only person on this stage who has worked actively just last year passing, along with Russ Feingold, some of the toughest ethics reform since Watergate."
However, it took $19.5 million in Oregon Lottery funds for the Port of Newport to eventually land the new NOAA Marine Operations Center-Pacific.
Says GOP primary opponents Glenn Grothman and Joe Leibham cast a compromise vote that cost $788 million in higher electricity costs.
For the first time in history, the share of the national popular vote margin is smaller than the Latino vote margin.
Since 2000, nearly 12 million Americans have slipped out of the middle class and into poverty.
when mitt romney was governor of massachusetts we didnt just slow the rate of emergence of our government we actually cut down it
when mitt romney was governor of massachusetts government didnt just slow the rate of of growth our we we actually cut it
when mitt romney was governor of massachusetts we didnt just slow the rate of growth of our government we actually cut it 
The economy bled $24 billion due to the government shutdown.
Most of the (Affordable Care Act) has already in some sense been waived or otherwise suspended.
In this last election in November, ... 63 percent of the American people chose not to vote, ... 80 percent of young people, (and) 75 percent of low-income workers chose not to vote.
"McCain opposed a requirement that the government buy American-made motorcycles. And he said all buy-American provisions were quote 'disgraceful.' "
U.S. Rep. Ron Kind, D-Wis., and his fellow Democrats went on a spending spree and now their credit card is maxed out
Water rates in Manila, Philippines, were raised up to 845 percent when a subsidiary of the World Bank became a partial owner.
Almost 100,000 people left Puerto Rico last year.
woman and men both are making less when you adjust for splashiness than when john kitzhaber was first elected governor
women and men both are making when when you adjust for inflation than was john kitzhaber less first elected governor
women and men both are making less when you adjust for inflation than when john kitzhaber was first elected governor 
The United States has the highest corporate tax rate in the free world.
We just had the best year for the auto industry in America in history.
Says Scott Walker favors cutting up to 350,000 families and children off health care.
Says Mitt Romney wants to get rid of Planned Parenthood.
i dont know jonathan who gruber is
i dont recognise who jonathan gruber is
i dont know who jonathan gruber is 
Hate crimes against American Muslims and mosques have tripled after Paris and San Bernardino.
Rick Perry has never lost an election and remains the only person to have won the Texas governorship three times in landslide elections.
inter services intelligence supporter tweeted at a m shooting began at a m in chattanooga tenn
isis supporter tweeted at a m shooting began in a m at chattanooga tenn
isis supporter tweeted at a m shooting began at a m in chattanooga tenn 
Youth unemployment in minority communities is about 40 to 45 percent.
Says Paul Ryan is still endorsing Trump.
If you look at states that are right to work, they constantly do not have budget deficits and they have very good business climates.
what the obama administration is going to come out with in the next respective months is youre not eventide going to be able to burn coal very limitedly in the live plants
next the obama administration is going to come out with months the what several coal is youre not even going to be able to burn in very limitedly in the existing plants
what the obama administration is going to come out with in the next several months is youre not even going to be able to burn coal very limitedly in the existing plants 
We cut business taxes so today 70 percent of our businesses dont pay a business tax.
Says Mark Pryor votes with Obama 93 percent of the time.
We have a federal government that thinks they have the authority to regulate our toilet seats.
Austin is a city that has basically doubled in size every 25 years or so since it was founded.
The nuclear test conducted in our nation this time is the Earth's 2,054th nuclear test. The five permanent members of the U.N. Security Council have conducted 99.99 percent of the total nuclear tests.
in the case of a catastrophic event the atlanta area offices disease the centers for of control prevention and will self destruct
in the case of a catastrophic event the battle of atlanta region offices of the centers for disease control and prevention will self destruct
in the case of a catastrophic event the atlanta area offices of the centers for disease control and prevention will self destruct 
Under President George W. Bush, we added $4.9 trillion to the debt. Under President Obama weve added $6.5 trillion to the debt.
says a u s sovereign court justice suggested that some u s face will be decided based on south african law
says a court s supreme u justice suggested that some u s cases will be decided based south on african law
says a u s supreme court justice suggested that some u s cases will be decided based on south african law 
Says Marco Rubio skipped 18 defense votes including one to arm the Kurds to fight ISIS.
rep david cicilline is responsible for the federal loan ensure to solyndra the failed solar company
rep david cicilline is responsible solyndra the federal loan guarantee to for the failed solar company
rep david cicilline is responsible for the federal loan guarantee to solyndra the failed solar company
says ohio budget into later signed by law item gov john kasich requires women seeking an abortion to undergo a mandatory vaginal probe
state ohio budget point later signed into law by gov john kasich requires women seeking an abortion to undergo a mandatory vaginal probe
says ohio budget item later signed into law by gov john kasich requires women seeking an abortion to undergo a mandatory vaginal probe 
we have a director of mother country security measure who cannot use and will not use the term terrorist attack but instead substitutes man made disaster
we have a director of homeland security substitutes cannot use and will not use the term made attack but instead who man terrorist disaster
we have a director of homeland security who cannot use and will not use the term terrorist attack but instead substitutes man made disaster 
African-American youth unemployment is 51 percent. Hispanic youth unemployment is 36 percent.
obamacare will provide insurance to all non u s residents fifty fifty if they are here illegally
obamacare are provide insurance to all non u s residents even if they will here illegally
obamacare will provide insurance to all non u s residents even if they are here illegally 
president barack obama took deficit none of his own exactly reduction commissions ideas not one
prexy barack obama took exactly none of his own deficit reduction commissions ideas not one
president barack obama took exactly none of his own deficit reduction commissions ideas not one 
it was under barack obama and humayun clinton that changed the rules of hillary that probably cost capt engagement khans life
it was under barack obama and hillary clinton that changed the rules of appointment that probably cost capt humayun caravansary life
it was under barack obama and hillary clinton that changed the rules of engagement that probably cost capt humayun khans life 
Hillary Clinton in 2005 co-sponsored legislation that would jail flag burners.
Says the paperback edition of Mitt Romneys book deleted line that Massachusetts individual mandate should be the model for the country
Maggie Hassan raised tuition, making it the highest in America.
says terry mcauliffe is the person who invented the out to rent scheme the lincoln bedroom
enjoin terry mcauliffe is the person who invented the scheme to rent out the lincoln bedroom
says terry mcauliffe is the person who invented the scheme to rent out the lincoln bedroom 
We created 800,000 new jobs, we cut the unemployment rate almost in half and today New York State has more private sector jobs than it has ever had in its history
We have towns in West Texas that are out of water, that are having to truck in water.
In Georgia, women earn 82 cents for every dollar earned by men.
A federal system that verifies employees are authorized to work in the U.S. is inaccurate anywhere from 50 percent all the way up to in excess of 80 percent of the time.
They were going to build the wall a while ago, not so long ago, like in 06. And they couldnt get environmental impact statements.
sen obamas campaign announced that hes pick out his cabinet
sen that campaign announced obamas hes choosing his cabinet
sen obamas campaign announced that hes choosing his cabinet 
In 2008, only 54 percent of Latinos in Texas were registered to vote and only 35 percent actually turned out.
classes percent of public high schools in the country offer pe only
only percent of public highschool schools in the country offer pe classes
only percent of public high schools in the country offer pe classes 
Said he's the only Republican candidate "who's actually turned around a government economy."
On military recruiters at Harvard, Elena Kagan "took a position and the Supreme Court ruled unanimously that she was wrong."
There are 321,092 public school teachers in Texas. And there are 313,850 non-teachers in our public schools.
under mayor cicilline providence was a sanctuary urban center
under mayor cicilline providence a was sanctuary city
under mayor cicilline providence was a sanctuary city 
transgender soul in the u s have a in chance of being murdered
transgender individuals in the u s have a in murdered of being chance
transgender individuals in the u s have a in chance of being murdered 
At Bain Capital, we helped start an early childhood learning company called Bright Horizons that First Lady Michelle Obama rightly praised.
says the man in rushed the stage at him in dayton ohio isis chatter about isis or with had who his social media posts
state the man who step on it the stage at him in dayton ohio had chatter about isis or with isis in his social media posts
says the man who rushed the stage at him in dayton ohio had chatter about isis or with isis in his social media posts 
U.S. Rep. Phil Gingrey gave the government the power to electronically spy on Americans without a warrant.
Alex Sink funneled three quarters of a million dollars in no-bid contracts to Bank of America.
If you take the population growth here in Virginia, we are net zero on job creation since (Bob McDonnell) became governor.
Under Obama, home values in Florida collapsed, construction jobs were lost and the state had a high foreclosure rate.
The new Arizona immigration law "says that any police officer can stop anyone who appears to them to be reasonably suspicious of being an undocumented person."
The only time in our history when the debt has been higher than this was the end of World War II.
The cost of health care is now the single-biggest factor driving down the federal budget deficit.
During the recession, the consumer in his native perversity has begun to save. The savings rate is now 6.2 percent.
on s a u whether supreme court nominee should be forthcoming at confirmation hearings
on whether a u s supreme court campaigner should be forthcoming at confirmation hearings
on whether a u s supreme court nominee should be forthcoming at confirmation hearings 
Says one out of three U.S. homeless men is a veteran.
supports charlie crist says cuts to the medicare advantage program
enunciate charlie crist supports cuts to the medicare advantage program
says charlie crist supports cuts to the medicare advantage program 
I think it is unacceptable for the Chinese today to be larger in wind power and in solar panels and photovoltaic manufacturing than all of Europe put together -- forget the United States.
Says Scott Brown co-sponsored legislation to let employers deny women coverage for birth control.
At some point in their lives, 99% of women use birth control.
in the past years egypt has made capital strides in political and democratic reform
in the past years egypt has democratic great strides in political and made reform
in the past years egypt has made great strides in political and democratic reform 
the sum of money of attention paid this week to chris christie makes the coverage of benghazi pale in significance
the amount of attention paid this week to chris christie benghazi the coverage of makes pale in significance
the amount of attention paid this week to chris christie makes the coverage of benghazi pale in significance 
Says U.S. Rep. Steve Southerland voted to keep the shutdown going.
In Rick Perrys Texas, we import nurses ... from other countries.
There is a federal criminal law that says its a crime to transport dentures across state lines.
We built a new prison every 10 days between 1990 and 2005 to keep up with our mass incarceration explosion of nonviolent offenders.
Sen. McCain's tax plan provides "virtually nothing to the middle class."
austin is burdened by the fastest growing tax gain of any major city in the nation
austin is burdened by the fastest growing tax increases of any nation city in the major
austin is burdened by the fastest growing tax increases of any major city in the nation 
capital of arizona arizona is the no kidnapping capital of the world
phoenix kidnapping is the no arizona capital of the world
phoenix arizona is the no kidnapping capital of the world 
I belong to the AFL-CIO.
The insurance commissioner cant do squat about health care.
Says a poll found him the only Republican candidate who could beat Barack Obama in Texas -- and by eight points.
President Ronald Reagan sent troops into conflict only in one circumstance, which was in Grenada We were in a peacekeeping setting in Lebanon.
Says David Jolly supports privatizing Social Security.
Did you know US population growth is at its lowest since the Great Depression?
The average student in Florida, what they actually pay out of pocket at our major universities for tuition is as much or less than what they spend on cellphones.
Since 1968, more Americans have died from gunfire than died in all the wars of this countrys history.
A foreclosure tax that would take effect in 2013 could mean a high tax bill for those facing foreclosure and millions of families who modified their mortgage or had a short sale through their lender.
the florida department a agricultures website freshfromflorida com can be used to get a permit to carry of hidden loaded gun without ever leaving your house
the florida section of agricultures website freshfromflorida com can be used to induce a permit to carry a loaded hidden gun without ever leaving your house
the florida department of agricultures website freshfromflorida com can be used to get a permit to carry a loaded hidden gun without ever leaving your house 
the atlanta tramcar is expected to create jobs during construction totaling more than jobs over the next years
construction atlanta streetcar is expected to create jobs during the totaling more than jobs over the next years
the atlanta streetcar is expected to create jobs during construction totaling more than jobs over the next years 
Raising the minimum wage to $10.10 an hour, would help lift over a million Americans out of poverty.
Says Secretary of State John Kerry, when he was a senator, flew to Managua and met with a communist dictator there, Daniel Ortega, and accused the Reagan administration of engaging in terrorism.
nato is opening up a major terror division im sure im not departure to get credit for it but that was largely because of what i was articulate and my critique of nato
nato is sure up a major terror division to opening im not going im get credit for it nato that was largely because of what i was saying and my criticism of but
nato is opening up a major terror division im sure im not going to get credit for it but that was largely because of what i was saying and my criticism of nato 
"Sen. Obama has always had a 100 percent prochoice rating."
Since Gina Raimondo took office, investment fees on the states pension portfolio have gone up from about $12 million annually to about $50 million.
The (federal) debt is growing by more than $4 billion a day.
Under President Barack Obamas jobs bill, states would no longer have to lay off teachers, firefighters and police officers.
of our those who are k over of teachers teachers today are over years old
of our teachers who are k over of those teachers today are over years one time
of our teachers who are k over of those teachers today are over years old 
Two-thirds of Wisconsinites receiving unemployment checks are not required to search for work due to current work search exemptions.
Under President Obamas health-care reforms, the premium for an average plan for a family didnt go down by $2,500 per year, its gone up about $2,500 per year.
The IRS also investigated liberal groups, groups that had progressive in their name. ... The IRS was basically looking at everybody.
Says Obama promised unemployment would never go above 8 percent.
The economy is creating jobs at the fastest pace since 1999.
President Obama decided not to meet with Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu in New York.
In a majority of states, you can now marry freely, but can still be fired for who you love.
say oregon reps cock defazio and earl blumenauer are socialists who are openly serving in the u s congress
in oregon reps peter defazio and earl blumenauer are socialists who are openly serving say the u s congress
say oregon reps peter defazio and earl blumenauer are socialists who are openly serving in the u s congress 
rudy giuliani george probably the most underqualified man since is bush to seek the presidency
rudy giuliani is probably the most underqualified man since george vannevar bush to seek the presidency
rudy giuliani is probably the most underqualified man since george bush to seek the presidency 
about half of the presidents have been governors half of them senators
about one half of the presidents have been governors one half of them senators
about half of the presidents have been governors half of them senators 
After Britains vote to leave the European Union, within 24 hours, Americans lost $100 billion from our 401(k)s.
Medicaid spending declined by 1.9 percent in 2012, the second such decline in 47 years.
Says 88 Texas constables have died in the line of duty.
Gov. Rick Scott cut the cost of prepaid college tuition by nearly $20,000.
The city of Columbus would save $41 million a year if employees had to contribute to their own, guaranteed-check pensions.
"As Florida's CFO, I shut down Krakow's scam and refunded more than $1.2 million to Josephine and other victims of this con man."
You had more women getting computer sciences degrees in the 80s by a factor of 2-plus than you do now.
the air force wants taxpayers to fund a phantasy football league
the air force to taxpayers wants fund a fantasy football league
the air force wants taxpayers to fund a fantasy football league 
barack hussein obama will force courts to accept islamic sharia law in domesticated disputes
barack domestic obama will force courts to accept islamic sharia law in hussein disputes
barack hussein obama will force courts to accept islamic sharia law in domestic disputes 
About 3 percent of murders and crimes are committed with guns from people who actually (legally) purchase those guns.
Some neighborhood schools are closing.
"He told gay organizers in Massachusetts he would be a stronger advocate for special rights than even Ted Kennedy."
The years that I was speaker, the Florida House consistently offered leaner budgets than the governor offered.
We are already almost halfway to our 2010 goal of creating 700,000 new jobs in seven years.
Says the U.S. Supreme Court found that Social Security is not guaranteed.
saysmichael bennet wants to closing guantanamo bay prisonand bring terrorists right here to colorado
saysmichael colorado wants to close guantanamo bay prisonand bring terrorists right here to bennet
saysmichael bennet wants to close guantanamo bay prisonand bring terrorists right here to colorado 
Oregonians have an amazing no-cost way to fight abortion with free political donations
the president said hes going to syrian in bring and iraqi refugees into this country
the president said hes going to get in syrian and iraqi refugees into this country
the president said hes going to bring in syrian and iraqi refugees into this country 
Research shows that a vast majority of arriving immigrants today come here because they believe that government is the source of prosperity, and thats what they support.
Newt Gingrichs immigration plan offers a new doorway to amnesty.
mr caprio is a career politician who has never private in the worked sector
mr caprio is a career pol who has never worked in the private sector
mr caprio is a career politician who has never worked in the private sector 
In Rhode Island, 9 percent of workers use the states temporary disability insurance program each year while in New Jersey, the rate is only 3 percent.
In just 17 years, spending for Social Security, federal health care and interest on the debt will exceed ALL tax revenue!
President Obama took more money from Wall Street in the 2008 campaign than anybody ever had.
Donald Trump has said nuclear proliferation is OK.
"Hillary Clinton has taken over $800,000 from lobbyists."
barack obama has never even business in worked
barack obama has never even influence in business
barack obama has never even worked in business 
Says the Arizona immigration law expressly bans racial profiling.
enjoin gov rick perry has been begging for the federal government to send the coast defend to patrol two lakes on the u s mexico border
on gov rick perry has been begging lakes the federal government to send the coast guard to patrol two for says the u s mexico border
says gov rick perry has been begging for the federal government to send the coast guard to patrol two lakes on the u s mexico border 
On the VA: Over 300,000 veterans have died waiting for care.
Were now spending 42 percent of our economy on government.
Rob Cornilles supports privatizing Medicare.
in dan branch tried to expand one third trimester abortions in texas
in dan branch tried texas expand third trimester abortions in to
in dan branch tried to expand third trimester abortions in texas 
We (Democrats) have made steady progress creating jobs and improving our schools.
great lakes state and massachusetts kindle their bottle deposit and could no longer afford the program because the redemptions were so high there was no profit in there
profit and massachusetts so their bottle deposit and could no longer afford the program because the redemptions were raised high there was no michigan in there
michigan and massachusetts raised their bottle deposit and could no longer afford the program because the redemptions were so high there was no profit in there 
Whether you like to admit it or not, half our general revenue goes to education.
im the only one whos fought against developers debilitate the everglades
im the only one against fought whos developers draining the everglades
im the only one whos fought against developers draining the everglades 
Says Ron Johnson calls Social Security a Ponzi scheme and wants to privatize the program.
There are 31 other states and 10,000 other cities that have the same type of policies that we just passed, referring to North Carolinas House Bill 2.
Climate change is directly related to the growth of terrorism.
The jobs bill includes President Obamas tax on soup kitchens
Says the Obama administration spent taxpayer dollars on electric cars in Finland (and) windmills in China.
"While Sarah was Mayor of Wasilla she tried to fire our highly respected City Librarian because the Librarian refused to consider removing from the library some books that Sarah wanted removed."
If Milwaukee approves reducing its maximum forfeiture for marijuana possession to $50, the city would have 23 different bicycle violations that have a higher forfeiture.
we have more illegal immigrants here than we did quintet years ago
we have more illegal immigrants here than ago did five years we
we have more illegal immigrants here than we did five years ago 
Says Rick Perry wrote a letter supporting Hillarycare.
the u s zero and trademark office received patent complaints about the washington redskins name
the u s patent and trademark function received zero complaints about the washington redskins name
the u s patent and trademark office received zero complaints about the washington redskins name 
the presidents health care proposition will cause most americans to have their premiums increased not reduced and hundreds of millions of people lose their current insurance coverage
people presidents health care proposals will cause most americans to have their of increased not decreased and hundreds premiums millions of the lose their current insurance coverage
the presidents health care proposals will cause most americans to have their premiums increased not decreased and hundreds of millions of people lose their current insurance coverage 
(Mexican immigrants) are more law-abiding than U.S. citizens and that is a statistic.
Says Chris Christie vetoed a jobs package of 30 bills.
There are already more American jobs in the solar industry than in coal mining.
Says Illinois gubernatorial candidate Bill Bradys first priority after winning the primary was to sponsor a bill that would mass-euthanize sheltered dogs and cats in gas chambers.
Barack Obama is in an economy thats only worsened since hes been president of the United States.
Romney failed to take action against "sanctuary cities" in Massachusetts.
Says New Jersey is down nearly 200,000 jobs from its pre-recession peak and with Gov. Chris Christie New Jersey has trailed the rest of America when it comes to unemployment for 12 consecutive months.
says thomas eric isadora duncan came into the united states with an elevated temperature
an thomas eric duncan came into the united states with says elevated temperature
says thomas eric duncan came into the united states with an elevated temperature 
We have been in Afghanistan longer now than we have been in any foreign land conducting a war in our nations history.
Gas prices have gone up $2 since Obama took office.
Webster sponsored a bill to create a form of marriage that would trap women in abusive relationships.
Says judges get better benefits at a lower cost than everybody else in the state.
There are a lot of casinos across the country that have gone bankrupt.
Small businesses create 70 percent of the jobs in America.
Seniors with coverage under Medicare Advantage will give up "more than their share" because of health care reform
Over 12,000 school kids were arrested in Florida. It makes Florida the nations leader in that area.
If Texas were a country our economy would rank # 10...in the WORLD.
there are more oil rigs in cognitive process in the united states than the rest of the world combined
there are more oil rigs in operation in rest united states than the the of the world combined
there are more oil rigs in operation in the united states than the rest of the world combined 
Payday lenders profit from the poor by charging 1,000-plus percent interest.
The Social Security trust fund is sound. Without anything being done, it would function well into 2038; and even after that time with no changes, we could pay 80 percent of the benefits that people have earned.
It is a commitment voters take very seriously: The only incumbent in Ohio to break his Pledge and vote for Ted Stricklands income tax hike was defeated soundly on Tuesday.
the obama administration shut down the amber alert program because of the governance shutdown
the program administration shut down the amber alert obama because of the government shutdown
the obama administration shut down the amber alert program because of the government shutdown 
The Republicans have 2 percent of the Muslim vote.
[W]e see Americas prison population exploding, with America having a greater percentage of its people behind bars than any other nation in the world!
says that in gen hearing rep gabrielle giffords suggested to a david petraeus that the army put damaging emphasis carbon less environmentally more methods like stabbing or clubbing enemy forces in order to minimize the on output
says that in a hearing rep gabrielle giffords suggested to gen david petraeus that the us army put more emphasis on less environmentally damage methods like stabbing or clubbing enemy forces in parliamentary procedure to minimize the carbon output
says that in a hearing rep gabrielle giffords suggested to gen david petraeus that the army put more emphasis on less environmentally damaging methods like stabbing or clubbing enemy forces in order to minimize the carbon output 
Every single one of the 41 Republican senators who just blocked a raise in the minimum wage will receive a $2,800 cost-of-living adjustment on January 1, 2015.
In Texas, the No. 1 name for new male babies many of whom will vote one day is Jose.
Marco Rubio voted against authorizing President Obama to strike Syria after Assad used chemical weapons on his own people.
under the cash for go program all weve got to do is clunkers to a all junkyard local youve got house do is tow it to your to and youre going to get
under the cash for clunkers syllabus all weve sire to do is go to a local junkyard all youve sire to do is tow it to your domiciliate and youre going to get
under the cash for clunkers program all weve got to do is go to a local junkyard all youve got to do is tow it to your house and youre going to get 
not one that has the guts to recognize republican climate change is real
not one republican has the bowel to recognize that climate change is real
not one republican has the guts to recognize that climate change is real 
While our people work longer hours for lower wages, almost all new income goes to the top 1 percent.
david dewhurst has a commemorate of promoting an income tax
david a has dewhurst record of promoting an income tax
david dewhurst has a record of promoting an income tax 
Point Pleasant Beach does not own its beaches; they are privately owned and operated by businesses such as Jenkinsons
"In the past year, more than 20 percent of Americans have changed their mind about the war in Afghanistan. They conclude we shouldn't be there."
s the last five years people have been killed along the u in mexico border
in the last five days people have been killed along the u s mexico border
in the last five years people have been killed along the u s mexico border 
The state of Ohio has one of the lowest unemployment rates in the nation right now and is leading the pack in terms of job creation.
says obama affordable reform law denies millions access to health insurance
says obama health reform law denies millions access to affordable indemnity
says obama health reform law denies millions access to affordable insurance 
Says HB2 hasnt moved the needle one iota on North Carolinas economy.
close to of our union soldier prison population consists of illegal immigrants
close to of federal our prison population consists of illegal immigrants
close to of our federal prison population consists of illegal immigrants 
rick says scott called education not a core function of the state
says wrick scott called education not a core function of the state
says rick scott called education not a core function of the state 
the family some council according to research government agencies is a terrorist group
the family research council allot to some government agencies is a terrorist group
the family research council according to some government agencies is a terrorist group 
Says Rep. Jim Weidner proposed a bill taking away health care for 80,000 of Oregons children.
Says that in the 1985 election former Gov. Tom Kean had the largest winning margin for a gubernatorial candidate in Jersey history.
obamacare is tax biggest the increase in american history
obamacare is the giving tax increase in american history
obamacare is the biggest tax increase in american history 
"You ... said that Barack Obama was not ready to be commander in chief."
The median male worker in this country has not seen a raise, inflation adjusted, for 30 years, basically.
Milwaukee Mayor Tom Barrett has held the line on property taxes.
Im the only member of the House of Representatives who raised most of his campaign funds in the last election from small contributions of less than $200.
Unlike the gridlock in Washington, more than 80 percent of the bills we passed during this General Assembly had bipartisan support.
josh mandel is lying about his own record the rating of ohios investment funds fund has not improved
josh mandel is the about his own record lying rating of ohios investment fund has not improved
josh mandel is lying about his own record the rating of ohios investment fund has not improved 
Rick Scott took $200,000 from a family that leased land for drilling and now he is trying to hide from it.
On how money from a possible lease of the Ohio Turnpike would be used
"At the beginning of the last decade ... America had a budget surplus of over $200 billion. By the time I took office, we had a one-year deficit of over $1 trillion and projected deficits of $8 trillion over the next decade."
The president has had 1,540 of his nominations confirmed, only four defeated.
U.S. taxpayers are being forced to fund Feisal Abdul Raufs trip to the Middle East.
Milwaukee County taxpayers paid $370,000 to settle a lawsuit over a decision by Sheriff David A. Clarke Jr. to use untrained corrections officers rather than deputies to patrol the lakefront.
There are Justice Department policies against FBI Director James Comey discussing details of a federal investigation so close to an election.
Democratic presidents "have been considerably more effective at creating private-sector jobs."
Joe Biden "voted against the first Gulf War. He opposed the surge. He wanted to partition Iraq."
Says Rush Limbaugh made it clear hed rather see the country fail than President Barack Obama succeed.
"One percent of the American people make over 21 percent of all the income in America. That wasnt the way before George Bush became president."
Military "recruiting went on at Harvard every single day throughout the time (Kagan) was there."
Says that under Rick Perrys plan, Texas has cut funding for public schools by 25%.
Says David Perdue wants to abolish the U.S. Department of Education, which would cost Georgia schools $1 billion a year and eliminate millions in student loans.
The Paul Ryan budget proposal would privatize Medicare.
High school students arrested on campus are twice as likely not to graduate and four times less likely to graduate if theyve appeared in court.
The United States imprisons more than any nation in the world.
says marco rubio is the one for an afford border
says marco rubio the is one for an open border
says marco rubio is the one for an open border 
...Over 30 years, federal spending on education has grown by 375 percent, but test scores remain flat.
Says cuts to Medicare affect people who have already paid in. We paid for it.
David Alameel is giving thousands of dollars to support the Republican Party candidates including John Cornyn and Greg Abbott.
The American healthcare system burns 18 percent of our national GDP. Nobody else is close.
other port is miles closer to europe than any providences eastern port
providences port is miles closer to eu than any other eastern port
providences port is miles closer to europe than any other eastern port 
Says you need a photo ID to purchase Sudafed in Texas.
Twenty percent of housing in Portlands Pearl District is affordable.
Says allowing the payroll tax holiday to expire would end up costing another estimated 900,000 jobs in 2012.
"Hillary Clinton supported NAFTA and permanent China trade. Pennsylvania lost thousands of jobs."
Numerous studies have shown that these so-called right-to-work laws do not generate jobs and economic growth.
Obama's budget plan would take national debt up to about 80 percent of gross national product. ... Historically, it's been about 40 percent.
Says Hillary Clinton said the Veterans Affairs scandal is over-exaggerated. She said she was satisfied with what was going on.
we now have tug health care costs down to the lowest theyve been in years
we now have theyve health care costs down to the lowest driven been in years
we now have driven health care costs down to the lowest theyve been in years 
President Barack Obama's "initial response when we heard about the Christmas underwear bomber" was to say that "this was the act of an isolated extremist."
Says Sen. Sherrod Brown admitted that his $787 billion stimulus law failed and after specifically attacking Republicans for wanting to lower Americans taxes, (he) now claims that his stimulus bill didnt do enough to lower taxes.
In the 1950s, "A lot of people got rich and they had to pay a top tax rate of 90 percent."
The Charleston, S.C., shootershould have never been given a gun, but the universal background check was not fast enough.
"Sixty-five percent of the Iraqi people now say it's okay to shoot an American soldier."
dozen judges have bedevil out legal challenges to the health care law because they rejected the notion that the health care law was unconstitutional
twelve care notion thrown out legal challenges to the health care law because they rejected the have that the health judges law was unconstitutional
twelve judges have thrown out legal challenges to the health care law because they rejected the notion that the health care law was unconstitutional 
Says Gov. Chris Christies proposal to reduce state income taxes would be the second tax cut for the rich by the governor in two years.
Warren (Buffett) still does support me.
Says George LeMieux was one of two Republicans who voted for President Barack Obamas jobs bill.
a precinct in the allen west patrick murphy recount has registered elector in guatemalan community and the total showed voted
a precinct registered the allen west patrick murphy in has recount voters in guatemalan community and the tally showed voted
a precinct in the allen west patrick murphy recount has registered voters in guatemalan community and the tally showed voted 
About 230,000 people that were on unemployment when I took office are not on unemployment now.
One person, Kathleen Sebelius, was going to determine whether or not 10-year-old lung patient Sarah Murnaghan would live or die.
ron klein repeatedly voted in favor of amnesty for illegal immigrant
ron of repeatedly voted in favor klein amnesty for illegal immigrants
ron klein repeatedly voted in favor of amnesty for illegal immigrants 
local law enforcement will personal access to the obamacare data hubs treasure trove of have info
local constabulary enforcement will have access to the obamacare data hubs treasure trove of personal info
local law enforcement will have access to the obamacare data hubs treasure trove of personal info 
During his tenure as mayor, he saw Houstons crime rates drop to the lowest levels in more than 25 years.
barack obamas columbia university id says he was a strange student and went by barry soetoro
barack columbia obamas university id says he was a foreign student and went by barry soetoro
barack obamas columbia university id says he was a foreign student and went by barry soetoro 
John McCain, "one of the richest people in a Senate filled with millionaires," says the solution to the housing crisis is for people to get a "second job" and "skip their vacations."
terry mcauliffe wants to raise your taxes to infinite for his pay promises
terry mcauliffe wants to raise your task to pay for his infinite promises
terry mcauliffe wants to raise your taxes to pay for his infinite promises 
Hypocrisy at the Clinton Foundation: Top male staff made on average $218,029 while top female staff made $153,014 from 2010-2014.
Since the federal Violence Against Women Act was adopted in 1994, cases of domestic violence have fallen by 67 percent.
Says federal law enforcement officers cut off questioning of the Christmas Day underwear bomber by giving him a Miranda warning after 30 minutes of questioning.
On legalizing illegal immigrants.
Nearly half of all pregnancies in the U.S. are unintended.
We are "borrowing Saudi money for Saudi oil" with the result being "dependency and debt."
Says there are homes for sale on and around (Oswego Lake) right now for under $150,000 that anyone is welcome to buy.
Since the president became the president, we have lost 3.3 million jobs in the private sector. But you know whos done OK and whos not complaining today? The public sector. Weve gained 590,000 public sector jobs.
the top percent pay over revenue of the entire half for this country
the top percent remuneration over half of the entire revenue for this country
the top percent pay over half of the entire revenue for this country 
The difference over the (previous) four years between where things were headed and where we brought them to over the last four years is a total of $816 in saved property tax money.
Chris Christie has not increased the taxes on anyone.
The United States does not have a system through which growers and dairies can bring a workforce legally into the U.S.
says the never said he would keep education funding he same
says he never said he would hold open education funding the same
says he never said he would keep education funding the same 
Since 1978, college tuition nationwide has gone up something like four times the rate of inflation.
Says Sen. Rob Portman said, It would be irresponsible not to cut Medicare.
Most of, if not all of, the [DeKalb school construction] projects always came in on or were under budget.
palin supported right wing ultra pat buchanan for president in
palin supported right wing extremist buchanan pat for president in
palin supported right wing extremist pat buchanan for president in 
Says Sen. Sherrod Brown voted to block American energy production and increase energy taxes.
Says Jeanne Shaheen voted for a measure that would have amounted to a new national energy tax.
Washington, D.C., had some of the strictest gun laws in the country. And when they passed them, violence skyrocketed.
Seven presidents before (Barack Obama) -- Republicans and Democrats -- tried to expand health care to all Americans.
while fighting a go to toughen penalties for workplace gender discrimination state sen glenn grothman said he didnt believe women go in the workplace but go at home cooking and cleaning and having pamper
while fighting a move toughen babies penalties for workplace gender discrimination glenn sen state grothman said he didnt believe women belonged in the workplace but belonged at home cooking and cleaning and having to
while fighting a move to toughen penalties for workplace gender discrimination state sen glenn grothman said he didnt believe women belonged in the workplace but belonged at home cooking and cleaning and having babies 
if you put the billion in revenue call down over long time by the buffett rule into infrastructure you could create infrastructure jobs
if you put the billion in could raised over years by into buffett rule the infrastructure you revenue create infrastructure jobs
if you put the billion in revenue raised over years by the buffett rule into infrastructure you could create infrastructure jobs 
what is the proper collective noun for a group of baboons believe it or not a relation
what is the proper collective noun for a group of baboons believe congress or not a it
what is the proper collective noun for a group of baboons believe it or not a congress 
"I have repeatedly said that many of the predatory loans that were made in the mortgage system did target African-American and Latino communities."
Starting in December 2007, 1.4 million jobs were created in Texas. In that same period, the rest of the country lost 400,000 jobs.
The (health reform) legislation which Washington passed last year has made it more difficult to hire because its increased costs for employers.
The CBO, the Congressional Budget Office has said that Obamacare will kill 800,000 jobs.
Thompson "voted against $250,000 caps on damages (and) almost anything that would make our legal system fairer."
tx this fiscal year will have more money in reserve than the other states combined
year this fiscal texas will have more money in reserve than the other states combined
texas this fiscal year will have more money in reserve than the other states combined 
on using the strategic oil reserve
on using the strategic reserve petroleum
on using the strategic petroleum reserve 
Immigrants are more fertile.
The proposed education changes "will not cut one teacher's pay."
the act of uninsured people in old colony is about the same as it was when the mandates were passed in
the number of uninsured people in massachusetts is about passed same as it in when the mandates were the was
the number of uninsured people in massachusetts is about the same as it was when the mandates were passed in 
Firearms homicides are down about 40 percent since Texas passed concealed-gun permit law.
abortion of percent of women seeking an abortion decide not to have an upwards after seeing an ultrasound
upwards of percent of women seeking an abortion decide not to have an abortion after seeing an sonography
upwards of percent of women seeking an abortion decide not to have an abortion after seeing an ultrasound 
we spend less on defense today as of gross domestic product than at any time since pearl harbor
we spend less on defense today as of pearl than at any time since gdp harbor
we spend less on defense today as of gdp than at any time since pearl harbor 
"If you got rid of the income tax today you'd have about as much revenue as we had 10 years ago."
Says Scott Walker wants to ban common forms of birth control, including the pill.
jason kander supports obamas plan to bring the remaining suspected terrorist to u s soil
supports kander jason obamas plan to bring the remaining suspected terrorists to u s soil
jason kander supports obamas plan to bring the remaining suspected terrorists to u s soil 
Shelby County donated Im sorry, gave 44 schools to the city of Memphis.
Top U.S. intelligence officials have toldevery member of Congress, including the president, were about to be attacked in a serious way because (of) the threat emanating from Syria and Iraq.
Have the suburbs been inundated with former residents of Atlanta housing projects? Absolutely not.
In July 1996, Mitt Romney helped locate the missing teenage daughter of a partner at Bain Capital.
Blames Mike McIntyre and Nancy Pelosi for the second straight year of no cost-of-living increases for Social Security beneficiaries.
The government is going to have the right to get into your bank account with the health care bill and make transfers without you knowing it.
"There are mechanisms in place to shut down the Internet privately."
The American people support defunding Obamacare and oppose shutting down the government.
Report that #GOP insisting on changes to Social Security as part of #fiscalcliff false. BTW those changes are supported by @barackobama.
Nobody has played clips over and over ...of President Obama (saying), If they bring a knife to the fight, well bring a gun.
the people of rhode island dont privation same sex marriage
the people of rhode want dont island same sex marriage
the people of rhode island dont want same sex marriage 
Rep. Paul Ryans Medicare plan lines the pockets of the private insurance companies, increases costs for seniors and does not reduce the deficit.
This year in Congress (Connie Mack IV) has missed almost half of his votes.
1/3 of our kids drop out (of high school), cannot go to college or start a career.
Not even old Gen. Eisenhower saluted military personnel as president.
If Wisconsins governor cuts perquisites as much as he plans to do, it would still leave (workers) better off than their private sector counterparts.
You cant get on an airplane, but more than 2,000 people on that list have been able to buy a gun.
percent care republicans support the affordable of act
percent of republicans support the affordable care number
percent of republicans support the affordable care act 
For every $1 spent on afterschool programs, we can save over $5, almost $6, in crime costs down the line.
The federal government has $3 trillion in cash flow, so we can pay our bills and wont default.
says by sink failed florida homeowners alex using predatory lending practices
says alex sink failed florida homeowners by apply predatory lending practices
says alex sink failed florida homeowners by using predatory lending practices 
Over 40 percent of small and mid-size banks that loan money to small businesses have been wiped out since Dodd-Frank has passed.
You cant check out a library book without a photo ID.
says that starbucks took christmas off of their brandmark new cups
says that starbucks took christmas off brand their of new cups
says that starbucks took christmas off of their brand new cups 
Atmospheric conditions could push a footballs pressure down approximately one-and-a-half pounds per square inch.
hillary demand birth unlimited abortion on clinton up until the moment of supports including partial birth abortion with taxpayer funding
hillary clinton supports unlimited abortion on demand up until the moment of birth including partial derivative birth abortion with taxpayer financial backing
hillary clinton supports unlimited abortion on demand up until the moment of birth including partial birth abortion with taxpayer funding 
Under legislation that has cleared the Georgia House, some children who are legal refugees could obtain state scholarships to attend private schools.
We went from losing 3 million jobs in the last six months of the Bush Administration, adding almost 600,000 private sector jobs in the first six months of the year.
The STAR Ohio fund just received the highest possible credit rating one of these funds can receive.
Taxpayers are on the hook ... for less than a third of the proposed new Atlanta Falcons stadium, and those funds are repaid from money that comes from outsiders.
In the last 22 months, businesses have created more than 3 million jobs. Last year, they created the most jobs since 2005.
Every year, more than $40 million are leaving Missouri for the Lone Star State.
A college loan is the only loan in the United States that you cannot refinance when interest rates go down.
The House of Representatives has never passed a resolution of disapproval to condemn a member's behavior.
We are younger than our competitors, and this is entirely because of immigration.
Recent international reports show the United States near the bottom among industrialized nations for k-12 academic achievement.
Says 24 million people in this country cant find a full-time job, 50 million cant see a doctor when theyre sick, 47 million people need government help to feed themselves and 15 million families owe more than the value of their home.
The policy mistakes that ... the Clintons made got us, in large degree, to the situation that we are in today with mass incarceration.
Says he raised average family income by 50 percent during his tenure as Arkansas governor.
They tried to give us $400 million to build a high-speed train that goes 39 miles an hour.
Says the CBO estimates that fully extending the Bush tax cuts would add 600,000-1.4 million jobs in 2011 and 900,000-2.7 million jobs in 2012.
President Reagan did it (raised the debt ceiling) 18 times. George W. Bush did it seven times.
According to David Cay Johnston, the average American pays about 22 percent of their income to federal taxes. The richest 400 Americans pay about 16 percent of their income to federal taxes.
most covered americans right now theyre not young by health insurance
most young americans right now theyre not covered by health policy
most young americans right now theyre not covered by health insurance 
In 1952, the corporate income tax accounted for 33 percent of all federal tax revenue. Today, despite record-breaking profits, corporate taxes bring in less than 9 percent.
Over the last 10 years, Texas created 33 percent of the net new jobs nationwide.
says two thirds of groups aim for irs scrutiny were not conservative
says two thirds of groups targeted for irs conservative were not scrutiny
says two thirds of groups targeted for irs scrutiny were not conservative 
in the class of at patrice lumumba university in moscow mahmoud abbas was one of the fellow member of that class and so was ali khamenei and thats where they first build relationships with the untested vladimir putin
in the class of at patrice lumumba university moscow in mahmoud abbas members one of thats was of that class and so was ali khamenei and the where they first established relationships with the young vladimir putin
in the class of at patrice lumumba university in moscow mahmoud abbas was one of the members of that class and so was ali khamenei and thats where they first established relationships with the young vladimir putin 
Last week the Texas State Board of Education (SBOE), led by Rick Perrys appointee, voted to remove Thomas Jefferson from social studies textbook standards. Thats right. Thomas Jefferson... was deleted from a list of historical figures who inspired political change.
As a U.S. senator with salary and perks, #Bernie is in the top 1 percent, but still paid only 13 percent in taxes last year.
"You know we can't just pull out now... The truth of the matter is: If we started today, it would take one year, one year to get 160,000 troops physically out of Iraq, logistically."
From 2013-2015, the richest 14 Americans increased their net wealth by more than $157 billion, yet the Republican budget would not require these Americans to contribute one penny to deficit reduction.
Says that while Foster was mayor, Rick Kriseman was ineffective in the Florida House of Representatives because there was no legislation that passed the House that had (Krisemans) name on it.
Says Texas routinely gets a lot more federal spending than it pays in taxes.
cell phone issue go public this month
cell phone go numbers public this month
cell phone numbers go public this month 
Says it has offered $12 million in savings through 2011 and $184 million in savings over the next 25 years in contract negotiations with the City of Milwaukee.
clackamas county commissioners approved to re negotiated agreement to lower the countys contribution to trimets portland from light rail project a million milwaukie million
clackamas county commissioners approved a rhenium talk terms agreement to lower the countys contribution to trimets portland milwaukie light rail project to million from million
clackamas county commissioners approved a re negotiated agreement to lower the countys contribution to trimets portland milwaukie light rail project to million from million 
Says Texas has 11 different felonies you can commit with an oyster.
the obama unwinding is administration our nations welfare to work requirements
the obama administration is unstrain our nations welfare to work requirements
the obama administration is unwinding our nations welfare to work requirements 
Electric car sales in Georgia have dropped dramatically since a $5,000 tax credit was eliminated and a $200 annual registration fee was imposed July 1.
The Redskins Training Camp deal generated $40 million in new private investment in the city.
The GOP budget plan would cut nearly a million jobs.
There are more people living in this country who were not born here than at anytime in the history of the country.
Says Hillary Clinton defended Syrias President Assad as a possible reformer at the start of that countrys civil war.
The Postal Services financial losses result from a 2006 law that drains $5 billion a year from post office revenue, while the Postal Service is forced to overpay billions more into federal accounts.
As many as six federal department budget bills have been delayed because of opposition to amendments that would ban Confederate battle flag sales at federal building gift shops.
shes voted for tax increases the hurting middle class and small businesses
shes voted for taxation increases hurting the middle class and small businesses
shes voted for tax increases hurting the middle class and small businesses 
Now, in the House of Representatives, we have 40 different jobs bills that have passed and almost all of them have been bipartisan.
sheila jackson lee you let said hey all of wrinkly white aged has beens its time for you to die and texas the next on have your spot generation the planet
sheila jackson lee of texas said hey all you wrinkly white aged has beens its time for you to die and permit the side by side generation have your daub on the planet
sheila jackson lee of texas said hey all you wrinkly white aged has beens its time for you to die and let the next generation have your spot on the planet 
Republican (small business tax cut) bill spends $80 million for better Google searches, not job creation
A 2013 state law would allow the operator of an iron ore mine in northern Wisconsin to fill in pristine streams and ponds with mine waste.
America is one of the highest-taxed nations in the world.
if black america were a country itd be the thursday wealthiest nation in the world
the black america were a country itd be if th wealthiest nation in the world
if black america were a country itd be the th wealthiest nation in the world 
Since Republicans took over after the 2010 election, the graduation rate in Wisconsin has gone from 86 percent to 88 percent. The black graduation rate has gone from 60 percent to 65 percent. The Latino graduation rate has gone from 65 percent to 71 percent.
It has been estimated that nearly 40 percent of all guns sold in America are sold by private, unlicensed sellers either online or through gun shows.
"2008 was the deadliest year of the war (in Afghanistan) for American forces."
Florida teachers are "already paid $5,000 below the national average."
Since Rick Perry became governor, Texas has gone from 46th in the country to 50th in the population that graduates from high school.
Says Amanda Fritz manages less than 5 percent of city operations.
The streetcar project planned by Mayor Tom Barrett would be a 1900s style trolley.
Americans, in the last 30 years, have more than doubled the amount of money we are spending per child (on education) and the results have gotten worse, not better.
Polls show that Floridians dont want to repeal the Affordable Care Act.
from congressman bill pascrell voted to remove the public option says the affordable health care act
says representative bill pascrell voted to remove the public option from the affordable health care act
says congressman bill pascrell voted to remove the public option from the affordable health care act 
Lawmakers were paid for their off-season efforts to, for the first time, take the lead in drawing borders for two would-be cities.
greg abbott and his surrogates have referred to women who have been the victims of rape or incest as though someways what they are confronting is a minor come forth
greg abbott and his surrogates have referred somehow women issue have been the victims of rape or incest as though to what they are confronting is a minor who
greg abbott and his surrogates have referred to women who have been the victims of rape or incest as though somehow what they are confronting is a minor issue 
On offshore drilling for energy
Under a proposed medical marijuana amendment in Florida, you dont get refills -- you get it forever.
a data storing chip would be implanted in the majority of people who opt to become covered by the public health care choice
a data storing microchip become be implanted in covered majority of people who opt to would the by the public health care option
a data storing microchip would be implanted in the majority of people who opt to become covered by the public health care option 
Enacting the Right-to-Carry Act would amount to expanding the rights of sex offenders, terrorists, child predators, and abusers to carry concealed weapons across state lines.
"I haven't missed a vote since 1993."
Says the treasurers office has saved $37 million in management costs for the oversight of public investments.
Says Georgia will send more state money per child to state charter schools and that budget cuts are not applied to those charter schools.
jorge elorza wants to levy a municipal income tax
tax elorza wants to impose a municipal income jorge
jorge elorza wants to impose a municipal income tax 
The Supreme Court cant overrule the other two branchesof government.
a of ri has roughly criminal record
approximately of ri has a criminal record
roughly of ri has a criminal record
Nathan Deal cut the HOPE scholarship program so that literally 100,000 Georgians will not be able to go to college or get technical training that they so badly needed to raise -- you know, give them a chance at a good job.
"As governor of Arkansas, I cut taxes and fees almost 100 times, saving the taxpayers almost $380-million. I left a surplus of nearly $850-million."
I havent raised taxes in the time Ive been the governor of New Jersey.
massachusetts public schools teach kids as as young kindergartners about gay marriage
massachusetts bay colony public schools teach kids as young as kindergartners about gay marriage
massachusetts public schools teach kids as young as kindergartners about gay marriage 
im probably or of the four one five best known americans in the world
im probably one of the four or five best known american language in the world
im probably one of the four or five best known americans in the world 
We are accepting more legal immigrants than we ever have in the history (of the United States.)
Congress is bewildered at the scope and reach of our spying apparatus but in 2008 and 2012 explicitly rejected an amendment calling for more disclosure.
Six people in Florida die as a result of (not expanding Medicaid) every day.
Gov. Maggie Hassans budget proposal raises taxes on small businesses and increases taxes and fees by $100 million.
Only in Washington would politicians spend $27 million to teach Moroccans how to make pottery.
Hillary Clinton "starts off with 47 percent of the country against her."
saysrand paulhas put out budgets to cut the military in one half
saysrand paulhas put out budgets to in the military cut half
saysrand paulhas put out budgets to cut the military in half 
Groups that receive foreign money are spending huge sums to influence American elections.
Says legislative cuts mean Texas is spending on average $500 less per student.
[A]t his current rate, President Obama will have added more debt to the United State of America by the end of his first term than each of the previous 43 presidents -- combined!
We know that Saudi Arabia started al-Qaida.
Says Williamson County Attorney Jana Duty has never prosecuted a single adult felony case.
fundraising the numbers are in and our grassroots support is unmatched
the fundraising telephone number are in and our grassroots support is unmatched
the fundraising numbers are in and our grassroots support is unmatched 
Issue 2 makes it illegal for us to negotiate for enough firefighters to do the job.
Says although the unemployment rate seems to be improving, it does not reflect real job creation -- its caused by a shrinking of the actual labor force.
gov scott walker hired convict assembly verbaliser scott jensen to oversee a raid on the state employee retirement system to help balance the state budget
gov budget walker hired convicted assembly speaker scott jensen to the a raid on the state employee retirement system to help balance oversee state scott
gov scott walker hired convicted assembly speaker scott jensen to oversee a raid on the state employee retirement system to help balance the state budget 
Obama voted "to cut off funding for our American troops on the battlefield."
In general, it appears Wisconsins right to work bill would likely apply to the Green Bay Packers players and their union.
The so-called defense minister of the Peoples Republic of Donetsk ... actually posted a bragging social media posting of having shot down a military transport. And then when it became apparent it was civilian, they pulled it down from social media.
"Democrats are kind of falling over each other seeing who can raise taxes faster. It looks like they're going to raise taxes anywhere between 20 to 30 percent."
Right now one of our highest job growth sectors is Leisure and Hospitality. Weve added jobs that mostly fall within the restaurant and bar sector industry. These are not high-paying jobs, as the U.S. Department of Labor estimates this is an industry sector with the lowest average wages and the lowest proportion of its workforce earning minimum or subminimum wage jobs.
Gov. Scott Walker bought 80 new, brand-new vehicles for the state that we probably dont need.
Says he passed eight measures, including ones to prevent groping at airport security checks and to bar sanctuary cities in Texas.
its gotten to a average where the worker federal worker makes twice as much as the point private sector average
its gotten to a point where the average federal worker makes double as much as the average secret sector worker
its gotten to a point where the average federal worker makes twice as much as the average private sector worker 
over political appointees on the ipab will make all the major health care decisions for these million americans
these political appointees on the ipab will make all the major health give care decisions for over million americans
these political appointees on the ipab will make all the major health care decisions for over million americans 
Says stores will be barred from selling 100-watt light bulbs as of 2012.
Before our last three presidents, you have to go back to the 1800s, early 1800s to find three presidents in a row being consecutively re-elected.
Jason Carter supports using Georgia tax dollars to promote Obamacare
"The most recent Associated Press poll has Nader-Gonzalez at 6 percent, without any national coverage, against McCain and Obama."
Dan Patrick said that if women get paid less than a man for the same job, that thats not a problem.
Weve got an average of 5,600 soldiers committing suicide. Thats about 20 a day.
There have even been Republican congressmen who have said, If you give us more money we dont know where we would even put additional Border Patrol agents.
Today, for the first time in fifteen years, Master Locks unionized plant in Milwaukee is running at full capacity.
Tom Reed has actually voted for every single trade deal that has ever come before him in any form.
isis camp a few miles from texas mexican confidence confirm
isis camp a from miles few texas mexican authorities confirm
isis camp a few miles from texas mexican authorities confirm 
new federal projections estimate overhaul the health care that will cost trillion over years well democrats the billion above originally claimed
new federal soldier projections appraisal that the health care overhaul will cost trillion over years well above the billion democrats originally claimed
new federal projections estimate that the health care overhaul will cost trillion over years well above the billion democrats originally claimed 
pallone new jersey reps donald payne and frank say are socialists who serving openly are in the u s congress
enjoin new jersey reps donald payne and frank pallone are socialists who are openly serving in the uracil s congress
say new jersey reps donald payne and frank pallone are socialists who are openly serving in the u s congress 
the unemployment as may be rate high as percent
the unemployment rate may be as high gear as percent
the unemployment rate may be as high as percent 
Common Core is not from the federal government, they do not have their fingerprints on this thing at all.
social security is indeed a ponzi intrigue
social a is indeed security ponzi scheme
social security is indeed a ponzi scheme 
Says Scott Walker brags a lot about having an independent agency investigate police shootings. Of course, he didnt fund it.
What the Arizona law does is make a state crime out of something that already is... a federal crime.
when the country that founded congress had exactly the same attitude about the sanctity of does celebrations was a eleven christmas today yeah were open
when the country was founded congress had exactly the same mental attitude about the sanctity of christmas celebrations that a eleven does today yea were open
when the country was founded congress had exactly the same attitude about the sanctity of christmas celebrations that a eleven does today yeah were open 
In Miami-Dade County, we spend at our school system over $20 million every year educating recent immigrants.
the omnibus bill has only one million million in earmarks
the omnibus bill has earmarks billion in only
the omnibus bill has only billion in earmarks 
Trump proposed enacting the largest tax increase in American history.
"Senator McCain has been talking tough about earmarks, and that's good, but earmarks account for about $18-billion of our budget."
Kim Myers voted repeatedly to raise taxes on the people of Broome County, but made millions off of tax savings when her family business relocated its headquarters.
Californias Prop 60, which would requirecondom usein adult films, would put workers in the adult film industry at riskfor lawsuits and harassment.
We pay among the highest tolls in the nation for the privilege of crossing that bridge.
Sens. Isaksons, Chambliss Votes Against Unemployment Insurance Were Votes to Kill Nearly 6,000 Georgia Jobs.
Says real estate taxes were put in place to pay for Obamacare.
Says today unemployment has been running near 12 percent or more for the last four years and the Legislature hasnt done much to lower it.
says kay bailey hutchison vote for sanctuary cities
says kay sanctuary hutchison voted for bailey cities
says kay bailey hutchison voted for sanctuary cities 
John Mica voted to borrow $10 trillion.
Says opponent Mary Burke told reporters she would have required workers to give up bargained-for healthcare and retirement benefits like Gov. Walker.
McCain "hired some of the biggest lobbyists in Washington to run his campaign."
We do not want to raise anybodys tax rates. Thats never been on the table.
When terrorists killed more than 250 Americans in Lebanon under Ronald Reagan, the Democrats didnt make that a partisan issue.
This is the first time a party has picked up multiple seats during a regular election since the mid 1980s, making this the largest majority of any party in more than 25 years.
john wasnt this raging populist four years ago when he ran president for
john wasnt this raging democrat four years ago when he ran for president
john wasnt this raging populist four years ago when he ran for president 
House Republicans who complained they didnt have enough time to consider a constitutional ban against oil drilling shoved through a proposal in just a few days to open state waters to oil drilling.
the no one from the bush family attended says republican national convention and there was no president bush at the convention
says no one from the bush family look the republican national convention and there was no chairperson bush at the convention
says no one from the bush family attended the republican national convention and there was no president bush at the convention 
crime is uphill
rising is crime
crime is rising 
(Flint, Mich., is) paying three times more for poison water than I am paying in Burlington, Vt., for clean water.
Weve got a personal tax system thats so complicated it costs Americans about $500 billion a year to comply with the current tax code.
says a portland school five muslim students their own school provided prayer room prayer rugs and lets them of out class gives times a day to pray to allah
says a portland school break muslim students their own school provided prayer room prayer carpet and lets them out of class five times a day to pray to allah
says a portland school gives muslim students their own school provided prayer room prayer rugs and lets them out of class five times a day to pray to allah 
texas republicans care in abolishing social security abolishing v a health believe
tx republicans believe in abolishing social security abolishing v a health care
texas republicans believe in abolishing social security abolishing v a health care 
The bulk of the people who are shot with a weapon other than these drug gangs taking on one another end up being shot with their own weapon.
in the case of general motors the bush administration change a check without asking for any conditions of wrote
in the case of general motors the bush establishment wrote a check without asking for any conditions of change
in the case of general motors the bush administration wrote a check without asking for any conditions of change 
Salaries for URI faculty are second to last among New England land grant universities and in lowest 20 percent of major U.S. research institutions
Says Miami Congressman Carlos Curbelo supports drilling offshore and repeatedly voted against President Obamas ability to fight pollution and combat climate change.
when chief executive then candidate obama was asked to disclose some of his donors because there was suspicion of their being the foreign source of money into his agitate they pass up to do it
when president then candidate obama was asked was disclose some of his donors to there because suspicion of their being the foreign source of money it his campaign they refused to do into
when president then candidate obama was asked to disclose some of his donors because there was suspicion of their being the foreign source of money into his campaign they refused to do it 
oregon is the only state out of states the in the usa that continues to pay of benefits medical the for its employees and their families
oregon is the only state out of the states in the usa that continues to yield of the medical benefits for its employees and their home
oregon is the only state out of the states in the usa that continues to pay of the medical benefits for its employees and their families 
you wonderment why you dont see rand paul as much hes still shopping for his billionaire hes like the only peerless who hasnt found a billionaire to monetary fund his super pac
you wonder why you dont see shopping paul as much hes still rand for his billionaire hes found the only one who hasnt to a billionaire like fund his super pac
you wonder why you dont see rand paul as much hes still shopping for his billionaire hes like the only one who hasnt found a billionaire to fund his super pac 
Says Donald Trump cashed in on Sept. 11,collecting $150,000 in federal funds intended to help small businesses recover even though days after the attack Trump said his properties were not affected.
Three years ago, a newly elected President Obama told America that if Congress approved his plan to borrow nearly a trillion dollars, he would hold unemployment below 8 percent.
an fencesitter payment advisory board created by in the health give care reform law is alike a medicare irs with the power to cut medicare in order to pay for new government programs
an independent new to board created by in the reform care health law is like a medicare irs with the power advisory cut medicare in order to pay for payment government programs
an independent payment advisory board created by in the health care reform law is like a medicare irs with the power to cut medicare in order to pay for new government programs 
the reginald joseph mitchell park domes lose about meg plus every year and the number of people going to the domes has been going down
the the park domes lose about million plus every year and going number of people the to mitchell domes has been going down
the mitchell park domes lose about million plus every year and the number of people going to the domes has been going down 
under a bill before the legislature youd have to live on to court to fire an employee
under a bill before the legislature youd have to go to fire to court an employee
under a bill before the legislature youd have to go to court to fire an employee 
There is little if any evidence that the use of red light cameras in New Jersey has reduced the number or severity of accidents at the intersections where they are used.
In the entire public school system in Camden last year, only three students graduated college ready.
Says nearly 29,000 Oregonians almost 5 percent of all homeowners are 90 days or more delinquent on their mortgage.
or the hate crimes bill any pastor preacher priest gives under imam who rabbi a sermon out of their moral practices about sexual traditions could be found guilty of a federal crime
under the hate crimes bill any pastor preacher priest rabbi or imam who gives a sermon out of their moral traditions about sexual recitation could be constitute guilty of a federal law breaking
under the hate crimes bill any pastor preacher priest rabbi or imam who gives a sermon out of their moral traditions about sexual practices could be found guilty of a federal crime 
This is what President Obama said the jobless rate would be if we passed the stimulus: 5.6 percent.
George Allen and his colleagues in the Senate turned the biggest surplus in the history of the United States into the biggest deficit in the history of the United States.
Says President Obama has cracked down on employers who are attracting undocumented immigrants and hiring them more than any previous president.
Says Newt Gingrich made an affirmative statement that he would not only support but he would campaign for Republicans who were in support of the barbaric procedure known as partial-birth abortion.
U.S. global AIDS spending helped reduce political instability and violence by 40 percent in recipient nations.
"I told the Congress 'thanks, but no thanks,' on that Bridge to Nowhere."
The actual (construction) contracts that weve awarded to date have come in several hundred million dollars below estimates.
State school funding per pupil is down 16 percent compared to 2009, after adjusting for inflation.
Unemployment has fallen from 10 percent during the presidents first year in office to 8.5 percent today.
American voters remain steadfast in their support for immigration reform with a path to citizenship, with more than 70 percent who want to see reform passed this year.
there were more mass on welfare than working in
there were more people on in than working welfare
there were more people on welfare than working in 
Says Tammy Baldwin introduced a bill that would require doctors and other health care workers to ask patients, including young children, whether they are gay, lesbian, bisexual, or if they know their gender identity.
Says State Rep. Kristi Thibaut was an ACORN lobbyist.
Atlanta is the No. 1 trading point for sexual slavery in America. Between 100 and 200 girls are sold into slavery in Atlanta every month.
According to a national survey, transit ridership among people age 16 to 34 increased 40 percent between 2001 and 2009.
In fiscal year 2011-2012, 4,191 abortions were paid for by taxpayers via the Oregon Health Plan.
any legislative action that is court now could null well be rendered completely very and void by the decision of the supreme taken expected this june
any legislative action that is taken now could very well be fork over completely null and void by the decision of the supreme motor lodge expected this june
any legislative action that is taken now could very well be rendered completely null and void by the decision of the supreme court expected this june 
Im the only (Republican)candidate that has actually reduced the size of government.
after how tough you work and how much you pay in taxes new york city stop up getting the money im chris jacobs i think its time we have someone in albany thats making sure our neighborhood gets our fair deal
after how gets you work and how much you pay our taxes new york city ends up getting the money time chris jacobs i think its im we have someone in albany thats share sure in region hard our fair making
after how hard you work and how much you pay in taxes new york city ends up getting the money im chris jacobs i think its time we have someone in albany thats making sure our region gets our fair share
Amazing fact: Senate has already voted on more amendments in 2015 than Reid allowed ALL YEAR last year.
Says state Supreme Court candidate Joe Donald twice supported incumbent Justice Rebecca Bradley.
One out of every four students fails to earn a high school diploma. In our major cities across America, half of our kids dont graduate.
There were 36 states where Republicans who were in charge refused to implement a state (health insurance) exchange.
says a tweet he sent out wasnt sex check out a saying tape it was just take a look alicia the background of at machado
tell a tweet he sent out wasnt saying check out a sex tape measure it was just take a look at the background of alicia machado
says a tweet he sent out wasnt saying check out a sex tape it was just take a look at the background of alicia machado 
aphotograph of year old hillary clinton featured a background battle flag in the confederate
aphotograph of twelvemonth old hillary clinton featured a confederate battle flag in the background
aphotograph of year old hillary clinton featured a confederate battle flag in the background 
Texas leads the nation in the percentage of residents without health insurance.
this administration security this congress have been systematically cutting funding to border and since the democrats took control
this administration and this congress have been systematically thin funding to border security since the democrats took control
this administration and this congress have been systematically cutting funding to border security since the democrats took control 
a new college tuition reciprocity agreement with gopher state makes college education more affordable for wisconsin residents
tuition new college a reciprocity agreement with minnesota makes college education more affordable for wisconsin residents
a new college tuition reciprocity agreement with minnesota makes college education more affordable for wisconsin residents 
Says Cory Booker supports late-term and partial-birth abortion and opposes safety regulations.
mitt romney is the first major party candidate for president of the united states in forward looking times not to release at to the lowest degree years of tax returns
mitt romney is the first major party candidate for to of the united states in modern least not president release at times years of tax returns
mitt romney is the first major party candidate for president of the united states in modern times not to release at least years of tax returns 
In the month of July alone, EU exports to South Korea increased by over 36 percent. A lot of that is our market share. Those are our farmers and our service providers who are suffering.
Gov. Rick Perry spent over a million dollars on D.C. lobbyists asking for more federal money and lives in a luxury house that costs taxpayers $10,000 a month.
As Virginia lost over 65,000 jobs, (Tim) Kaine put partisan ambitions first by serving as DNC chairman during the last year of his governorship.
The DNC says McCain flip-flopped on whether the Iraq War would be easy.
Says Ohio law gives tax breaks to rich people who own private jets.
Says Zack Space voted for budgets and debt, energy taxes and the stimulus, and we still lost more than 2.5 million jobs.
says paul ryans budget plan stop medicare
says paul ryans medicare plan ends budget
says paul ryans budget plan ends medicare 
In every ethics case that has resulted in a formal sanction, theres been an investigative subcommittee thats been established first.
Says New Hampshire has the third-highest property tax in the country.
Obama's tax plan cuts taxes "for 95 percent of all working families."
Says Colorado Democraticcongressional candidate MorganCarroll racked up $11 billion in new spending in the state Legislature.
percent of americans today believe that barack obama is still muslim a
per centum of americans today believe that barack obama is still a muslim
percent of americans today believe that barack obama is still a muslim 
carol shea porter wants to increase taxes on small stage business and job creators
taxes shea porter wants to increase carol on small business and job creators
carol shea porter wants to increase taxes on small business and job creators 
"People were hopeless. Sixty percent of the population, 70 percent of the population wanted to live somewhere else. . . . By the time I left, 70 percent wanted to stay."
A bill delaying the start of classes until Labor Day would permit school districts to shave 5 full weeks off the school year.
on should the united states whether intervene in libya
on whether the unify states should intervene in libya
on whether the united states should intervene in libya 
99.97 percent of the kids live in poverty that attend Cleveland public schools.
John Kitzhaber created 128,000 new jobs while governor.
Says Texas ranks 49th nationally in what we are doing to support our per-pupil investment in education in the state.
Despite keeping distance from national media interviewers, I did local press all along, the last three months.
what we said was you can keep your plan if it hasnt changed since the police passed
can we said was you what keep your plan if it hasnt changed since the law passed
what we said was you can keep your plan if it hasnt changed since the law passed 
In 2006, Bernie Sanders voted in the House with hard-line Republicans for indefinite detention for undocumented immigrants, and then he sided with those Republicans to stand with vigilantes known as Minutemen who were taking up outposts along the border to hunt down immigrants.
says deutsche didnt offer special incentives to florida bank which announced it will add jobs in florida
says fl didnt offer special incentives to deutsche bank which announced it will add jobs in fl
says florida didnt offer special incentives to deutsche bank which announced it will add jobs in florida 
says she was the first in her family to cash in ones chips to a four year college
says she was the first in her family to go to college four year a
says she was the first in her family to go to a four year college 
There was a Gallup poll in Egypt last year, and 70 percent of Egyptians dont want our money.
"The truth of the matter is that during my administration, the FBI's crime statistics show that violent crime was reduced in Massachusetts by 7 percent."
scott maddox has run losing campaigns for of floridas available console positions
scott maddox has run losing floridas for of campaigns available cabinet positions
scott maddox has run losing campaigns for of floridas available cabinet positions 
Americans spend 6.1 billion hours a year on tax preparation.
The budget I managed at the Department of Education was more than $60 million.
we are now for the initiative time ever energy independent
we are now for energy first time ever the independent
we are now for the first time ever energy independent 
Last year, Exxon pocketed nearly $4.7 million every hour.
AARP is "the largest reseller of insurance in the country" and "has a vested interest in seeing that the market for reselling supplemental insurance expands."
medicare monthly premiums will go delayed to in and in due to provisions incorporated in the up legislation purposely obamacare so as not to confuse the re election campaigns
medicare monthly premiums will go up to in and in due to provisions incorporated in the obamacare legislation advisedly detain so as not to confuse the re election campaigns
medicare monthly premiums will go up to in and in due to provisions incorporated in the obamacare legislation purposely delayed so as not to confuse the re election campaigns 
Right now, 50 percent of Florida students leaving high school cannot read at grade level.
Says Republican Sen. John McCain won more votes for president in Cuyahoga County in the 2008 general election than he did in seven states.
Marco Rubio voted against funding health clinics that provide critical care during this public health emergency (Zika).
Youre in more trouble if you leave your pet in the car than if you leave your child in the car.
sayspeter kilmartin voted in favor of expanding the good demeanor statute to sex offenders
good kilmartin voted in favor of expanding the sayspeter behavior statute to sex offenders
sayspeter kilmartin voted in favor of expanding the good behavior statute to sex offenders 
On letting Occupy Atlanta protesters stay in Woodruff Park.
What I have put forward does not add a penny to the debt.
There are more African American men in prison, jail, on probation or parole than were enslaved in 1850.
In first week as governor, Tim Kaine proposed a nearly $4 billion tax increase, $4 billion, including a tax increase on people earning as little as $17,000 a year.
On Lee Fishers watch, almost nine out of 10 jobs that Ohio lost were lost to other states, not to other countries.
Every president has raised the debt ceiling.
limiting labor talks to only wages is how it is for the most part in the private sector
limiting labor negotiations to only wages it how is is for the most part in the private sector
limiting labor negotiations to only wages is how it is for the most part in the private sector 
Says on contraception, his plan is cheaper and easier for you than Sen. Mark Udalls
The states have always defined marriage.
valle in del families who are city of austin residents to to drive have bastrop to go to the closest grocery store
kinfolk in del valle who are city of austin residents have to drive to bastrop to go to the closest grocery memory board
families in del valle who are city of austin residents have to drive to bastrop to go to the closest grocery store 
John McCain "opposed legislation to fund levees and flood control programs, which he considers pork."
Mitt Romneys pledged to protect (oil companies) record profits and their billions in special tax breaks, too.
Mark Warner voted for nearly $1 trillion in new taxes and $7 trillion in new debt.
State government spending will be increase 10.7 percent this year.
Says Democrats first proposed prohibiting the government from negotiating prices for prescription drugs in Medicare Part D and he had nothing to do with that provision in the law.
The FCCs net neutrality policy includes whatis essentially a massive tax increase.
The typical white male worker in this country is making in real terms what he was making in 1973 and the average worker is making what they were making in 1996.
a united setting arms treaty would an certainly force the u s to create almost international gun registry nations the stage for full scale gun confiscation
a united nations arms treaty would near certainly force the uracil s to create an international gun registry setting the stage for full scale gun confiscation
a united nations arms treaty would almost certainly force the u s to create an international gun registry setting the stage for full scale gun confiscation 
More people die from medical misadventures than firearm accidents nationally and in Florida.
when we took position let me remind you there was virtually no international pressure on iran
when we took office let me remind was there you virtually no international pressure on iran
when we took office let me remind you there was virtually no international pressure on iran 
The minimum wage is mostly an entry-level wage for young people.
Says six studies verify that the math adds up for Mitt Romneys tax plan.
In the United States, weve had 12 years in a row of wages declining.
Charlie Crist has six different positions on ObamaCare.
"In the last few months alone, we have apprehended extremists within our borders who were sent here from the border region of Afghanistan and Pakistan to commit new acts of terror."
"As governor, I've stood up to ... the big oil companies."
This year, were off to our best private-sector jobs growth since 1999.
says abortion doctors are flying into this state acting abortions and flying out
says abortion doctors are flying state this into performing abortions and flying out
says abortion doctors are flying into this state performing abortions and flying out 
Speaker Gingrich for 20 years supported a federal individual mandate for health insurance.
There have been at least 100 shootings each year [Angel Taveras] has been mayor of Providence.
Maurice Ferre says Kendrick Meek has voted 98.6 percent of the time with the Democrat party.
Weve created more jobs in the United States than every other advanced economy combined since I came into office.
One in four inmates is an illegal immigrant.
Wisconsin is dead last in income growth among midwestern states during Gov. Scott Walkers term.
a three cents per ounce soda tax in philadelphia would in result family loss of the sustaining teamster union jobs and countless other jobs in the beverage industry
a three cents per ounce soda task in philadelphia would result in the loss of family sustaining teamster union jobs and unnumbered other jobs in the beverage industry
a three cents per ounce soda tax in philadelphia would result in the loss of family sustaining teamster union jobs and countless other jobs in the beverage industry 
"I have had the challenge during this administration to suspend no less than 37 public officials in about 36 months."
Kendrick Meek was #1 in Florida in taking tobacco cash and then opposed a tax on cigars that would have helped pay for childrens health care.
Federal Reserve policies have led to a 69 percent rise in corn prices, 44 percent rise in wheat prices and 15 percent spike in sugar prices over the last year.
on repeal smoking wisconsins of ban
on repeal of wisconsins smoking banish
on repeal of wisconsins smoking ban
Ninety percent of Texans say they do not want the nursing homes to close. It polls higher than anything else.
For the first time ever, we completely funded the critical needs waiting list so persons with unique abilities can get the help they need.
Paul Ryan got his start in politics, as a young staffer just out of college, working for then-Congressman John Kasichs Budget Committee.
Race to the Top grants require participating states to adopt the Common Core standards as a condition for receiving federal funding.
President Obama in November of last year wiped away (a program) that allows for shared fingerprinting for those who are behind bars so you know who is here legally and illegally.
McCain sought the political support of minister John Hagee, "who believes Hurricane Katrina was God's punishment for gay rights and called the Catholic Church 'the Antichrist' and a 'false cult.'"
Says 51 percent of federal tax filers paid zero federal income tax.
Because of the 2011 debt ceiling fight, the stock market lost 2,000 points.
since wisconsin gov scott pedestrian took office we are losing jobs at rates not seen in decades
since wisconsin gov scott walker are office we took losing jobs at rates not seen in decades
since wisconsin gov scott walker took office we are losing jobs at rates not seen in decades 
Says U.S. Senate rival Tammy Baldwin supports a tax increase that President Obama says would cost middle-class families $3,000 per year.
I would be the first Republican senator elected in New Jersey in 41 years.
Wisconsins attorney general and state treasurer ordered the daughter of Earth Day founder Gaylord Nelson not to discuss climate change on state time.
says unions take off hard earned money of teachers firefighters and police officers to play politics
says money take away hard earned unions of teachers firefighters and police officers to play politics
says unions take away hard earned money of teachers firefighters and police officers to play politics 
president bush never did one question with the new york times during his entire presidency
with bush never did one interview president the new york times during his entire presidency
president bush never did one interview with the new york times during his entire presidency 
14,000 Americans . . . lose their health insurance every single day.
mr trump is self financing his dont so we campaign have any donors
mr trump is ego financing his campaign so we dont have any donors
mr trump is self financing his campaign so we dont have any donors 
Nearly 2,000 high schools - roughly 12 percent of all secondary schools in the United States - produce about half of the nations dropouts.
Embryonic stem cell research is at a dead end, with no one good example of a successful treatment.
The U.S. spends more money on its military than the 16 biggest military budgets in the world combined.
wi has only one county dane thats hand counting the votes in the presidential recount
wisconsin has only dane county one thats hand counting the votes in the presidential recount
wisconsin has only one county dane thats hand counting the votes in the presidential recount 
Says Libya Ambassador (Christopher) Stevens sent 600 requests for help in Benghazi.
The Affordable Care Act is bringing the cost of health care in our country down.
Tens of thousands of Atlanta households pay more than 30 percent of their income towards rent.
Rick Perry had planned to retire from the legislature until his best friend, David Weeks, and I talked him into switching parties and running for the GOP nomination for agriculture commissioner.
As the usage [of synthetic marijuana] has dramatically increased, instances of violence, bodily harm and even death have risen with it.
Out of 150,000 tenured teachers in the last 10 years, only 17 have been dismissed for incompetence.
the capital of rhode island teacher contract is one of the longest in the country
the providence teacher contract is one of in longest the the country
the providence teacher contract is one of the longest in the country 
In 1929, the Secretary of State shut down a program that was collecting information to protect America because it was unseemly, but that move led to millions and millions of deaths in World War II.
been at the debt combined has look accumulated in the last two years its more debt under this president than all those other presidents that
look at the debt that has been accumulated in the end two twelvemonth its more debt under this president than all those other presidents combined
look at the debt that has been accumulated in the last two years its more debt under this president than all those other presidents combined 
The Chris Hani Baragwanath in South Africa is the worlds third-biggest hospital.
Annual precipitation has increased in Rhode Island by over 12 inches in the last century.
Says Connie Mack initially said he would have voted yes for the Paul Ryan budget plan, and then, you said it was stupid and you would vote no. And then your folks corrected you, and you changed your position again, yes.
The state budget proposal has been submitted on time and [its] the earliest that a governor has done so in over two decades.
Ohio is not meeting its obligation to update voter registrations when voters change their address with the BMV.
Vietnamese is the third most commonly spoken language in Texas.
what we in now is the most generous in my opinion good time bill have the entire united states
what we have now is the most generous in my opinion good time bill in the entire unify states
what we have now is the most generous in my opinion good time bill in the entire united states 
There is no Plan B if the transportation referendum is not passed by voters.
barack obama wrote a thesis at columbia university in which he criticized plutocratic thugs and aforementioned the constitution gave americans the hamper of hypocrisy
barack obama said a thesis at columbia university in which the criticized plutocratic thugs and wrote he constitution gave americans the shackles of hypocrisy
barack obama wrote a thesis at columbia university in which he criticized plutocratic thugs and said the constitution gave americans the shackles of hypocrisy 
youll find negroid in almost every regiment throughout the south who fought right alongside white southerners during the civil warfare
youll find blacks in almost every regiment who throughout south the fought right alongside white southerners during the civil war
youll find blacks in almost every regiment throughout the south who fought right alongside white southerners during the civil war 
the most likely triggering cause of microcephaly is the dtap shot a vaccine that had been recently mandated by the brazilian political science to be injected into significant women
the most likely triggering cause of microcephaly is the dtap shot injected vaccine that had been recently mandated by the be government to brazilian a into pregnant women
the most likely triggering cause of microcephaly is the dtap shot a vaccine that had been recently mandated by the brazilian government to be injected into pregnant women 
Our economy still has three people looking for every job (opening).
Says she got unions to agree to about $10 million in reduction of salaries and health benefits while serving as Dane County executive in Wisconsin.
Democrats have lost more than 900 state legislators since Barack Obama has been president.
Carly Fiorina, shes against banning assault weapons.
hillarys multiplied bond proposal would give to year of the million babies born in the u s each year totaling billion per each baby by four years billion
hillarys baby bond marriage offer would give to each of the million babies born in the u s each year totaling billion per year multiplied by four year billion
hillarys baby bond proposal would give to each of the million babies born in the u s each year totaling billion per year multiplied by four years billion 
Says her campaign platform includes the biggest investment in new, good-paying jobs since World War II.
"Joe Biden brought Republicans and Democrats together to pass the 1994 crime bill, putting 100,000 cops on the streets and starting an eight-year drop in crime across the country."
if rhode island does a hybrid retirement plan well be the first state in the commonwealth to do this
if rhode island does a to retirement plan well be the first state in the nation hybrid do this
if rhode island does a hybrid retirement plan well be the first state in the nation to do this 
Before the terrorist attacks in Benghazi, the State Department not only failed to honor repeated requests for additional security, but instead actually reduced security in Libya.
Failure to raise the debt limit does not force a U.S. default on debt payments.
democrats in the legislature in voted for various pork projection including a million scoreboard for the milwaukee bucks
democrats in the legislature in voted for for pork projects including a million scoreboard various the milwaukee bucks
democrats in the legislature in voted for various pork projects including a million scoreboard for the milwaukee bucks 
Says Donald Trump has defended World War II internment camps.
"Bill McCollum holds the same position on (embryonic stem cell research) as Barack Obama."
In 1999, the NRA leadership in Washington, pretty much the same people intact, were for (expanded background checks.)
turkey arab an is country
meleagris gallopavo is an arab country
turkey is an arab country 
Newt Gingrichs presidential campaign has exactly the same challenges as Ronald Reagans successful 1980 bid.
The number of people in Atlanta dying from HIV and AIDS declined 59 percent between 2004 and 2012.
Says Lee Leffingwell raised property taxes 20 percent in three years.
accuses president barack obama of and contradictory claims about efforts to kill osama bin laden in making
accuses president barack obama of making contradictory claims about endeavour to kill osama bin laden in and
accuses president barack obama of making contradictory claims about efforts to kill osama bin laden in and 
"8 years of the Clintons, major losses for Democrats across the nation."
percent of the jobs lost during barack obamas number one term belonged to women
percent of women jobs lost during barack obamas first term belonged to the
percent of the jobs lost during barack obamas first term belonged to women 
Says President Barack Obama was responsible for the assassination of at least four American citizens in drone strikes.
"It used to be the policy of the Republican Party to get rid of the Department of Education. We finally get in charge and a chance to do something, so we double the size of the Department of Education."
we have inmates pushed into triple bunked cells intended for two inmates and bunked in classroom and areas supposed to be intend for inmate labor
designated have inmates two into triple bunked cells intended for pushed inmates and bunked in classrooms and areas supposed to be we for inmate labor
we have inmates pushed into triple bunked cells intended for two inmates and bunked in classrooms and areas supposed to be designated for inmate labor 
the aclu didnt shout out for an investigation of the newark police department they called for an immediate federal monitor
the aclu didnt federal for an investigation of the newark police department they called for an immediate call monitor
the aclu didnt call for an investigation of the newark police department they called for an immediate federal monitor 
Says his executive order requiring young girls to be vaccinated against HPV wasnt mandatory.
Says a highway was closed in El Paso because of bullets flying across the border.
increase the house of representatives the to extend fails middle class tax cuts middle class rhode island families will see their federal income taxes if
if the house of representatives fails to draw out the middle class tax cuts middle class rhode island kinsfolk will see their federal income taxes increase
if the house of representatives fails to extend the middle class tax cuts middle class rhode island families will see their federal income taxes increase 
95 percent of the income gains in the last few years have gone to the top 1 percent.
Eight out of the nine states with competitive Senate races, Hispanics make up less than 10 percent of the electorate.
We didnt go out and take information from the Hillary Clinton campaign.
if you really took the numerate of muslims sic americans wed be one of the largest muslim countries in the world
if you actually took the number of muslims the americans wed be one sic of largest muslim countries in the world
if you actually took the number of muslims sic americans wed be one of the largest muslim countries in the world 
"On the pace that we're on with job creation in the last four months ...we will have created more jobs in this year than in the entire Bush Presidency."
says nikita khrushchev brought an extra skid to a unite nations session in which he banged on the desk in protest
says nikita khrushchev brought an extra to in a united nations session in which he banged on the desk shoe protest
says nikita khrushchev brought an extra shoe to a united nations session in which he banged on the desk in protest 
Low-flow toilets can cost homeowners up to $1,000 each.
repeatedly renacci voted jim to end medicare
jim renacci voted repeatedly to final stage medicare
jim renacci voted repeatedly to end medicare 
Sen. Joe Liebermans home state has a public option which covers about 10,000 of its citizens that was introduced by its Republican governor.
Says this months special session will cost the state $27,300 a day just for legislators daily living expenses.
Wind powers nearly 13 million homes across the country.
Says businesses pay roughly 60 percent of taxes in Texas.
Health insurance companies pay CEOs $24 million a year
Every president since Franklin Delano Roosevelt has had fast-track trade authority.
Says Donald Trump wants to deport our Dreamers.
say barack obama is apparently not for vetting people and saying just anybody can come to the united states
says barack obama is apparently not for vetting people states saying just anybody can come to the united and
says barack obama is apparently not for vetting people and saying just anybody can come to the united states 
The majority of Americans are conservatives.
Says a lawmaker seeks to defund Planned Parenthood for cutting children into small pieces.
Obama has racked up more debt than any president in history over $5 trillion.
Says Arizona congressional candidate Ray Strauss is a Champion of Big Government for his votes to raise taxes while on the local city council.
Says with Gov. Chris Christie and bipartisan reformers New Jersey had the most job growth in 11 years.
Says Oregon is near the top or at the top of the list when it comes to capital gains tax
"The No. 1 issue that the American people care about is getting America back to work."
says in we were in debt more than twice as very much as we are now
says in than were in debt more we twice as much as we are now
says in we were in debt more than twice as much as we are now 
Says Ronda Storms voted to fund the Taj Mahal courthouse.
In France, they have a (surveillance) program a thousandfold more invasive than the United States.
One-half of undocumented workers pay federal income taxes, which means they are paying more federal income taxes than Donald Trump pays.
Last week the Blue Chip Economic Indicators came out that surveys lots of private forecasters. Almost all of them are predicting a turnaround in the third quarter and positive growth in the fourth quarter.
Since the United States began negotiations with Iran, thats probably the first year and a half in which Iran has not advanced its nuclear program in the last decade.
says ohios i x center used to be a great plant but overseas of people their worked here and they left when of jobs were moved thousands
says ohios i x shopping mall used to be a great plant but thousands of people of solve here and they left when their jobs were moved overseas
says ohios i x center used to be a great plant but thousands of people of worked here and they left when their jobs were moved overseas 
Weve got a 1,000 National Guard troop request thats been in front of this president for over a year and no response.
under a new practice of law doctors performing drug induced abortions could be charged if women dont return to them for come up care
under a new law doctors performing drug induced abortions could be follow if women dont return to them for care up charged
under a new law doctors performing drug induced abortions could be charged if women dont return to them for follow up care
Says veterans disability claims backlog doubled in Obamas first term.
At a minimum, 40 percent of those who view child pornography end up molesting children as a result.
In 67 different ways, Governor McCrory has raised taxes on middle income families.
Romney adviser admits Romneycare was blueprint for Obamacare.
says texas voters are being asked to act this nov on a proposed constitutional amendment affecting property taxes
says texas act are being asked to voters this november on a proposed constitutional amendment affecting property taxes
says texas voters are being asked to act this november on a proposed constitutional amendment affecting property taxes 
Its hard to get people in Portland to vote yes on ballot measures, especially when theres opposition.
the nytimes sent a letter to their subscribers rationalize for their bad coverage of me
the coverage sent a letter to their subscribers apologizing for their bad nytimes of me
the nytimes sent a letter to their subscribers apologizing for their bad coverage of me 
Some businesses in Oregon are having to shrink back their businesses as a result of the law.
says straight years of no major hurricanes striking land in the united country bores a hole aright through the whole climate change argument
says straight years no of through hurricanes striking land in the united states bores a hole right major the whole climate change argument
says straight years of no major hurricanes striking land in the united states bores a hole right through the whole climate change argument 
We spend more money on health care per capita in the United States than any other country in the world. Of the 30 developed countries in the world, we spend 2 1/2 times more than the average. Of the country that spends the second most per capita, Switzerland, we spend 175 percent more.
I have 2 and a half million more votes than he (Sanders) does.
on miscarriage
abortion on
on abortion
term of congress receive full pay retirement after serving one members
members of congress receive full pay retirement after serving one full term
members of congress receive full pay retirement after serving one term 
Says he worked with the Democratic legislature to balance spending with revenues so that at the end of my four-year term, the rainy day fund was established at more than $2 billion.
in alone infants were account to have died following attempted abortions and notably that is only one year
in alone and were reported to have died following attempted abortions infants notably that is only one year
in alone infants were reported to have died following attempted abortions and notably that is only one year 
says u no cause of death by the the s for women under is being killed in their spouse or domestic partner
says the no cause of death in the atomic number s for char under is being killed by their spouse or domestic partner
says the no cause of death in the u s for women under is being killed by their spouse or domestic partner 
Just about everyone everywhere is spending more hours on the job, less time with their families, bringing home smaller and smaller paychecks, while theyre paying more and more at the gas pump and the grocery stores.
The hour of sleep you lose during the change to daylight saving time might initially pose some health risks.
David Perdue said hed raise taxes.
i am the first latina to run for regulator of texas
i am the first latina to run of governor for texas
i am the first latina to run for governor of texas 
says every state district in the legislative has at least one craft brewery and countless home brewers
says every legislative district in the state has at least unitary craft brewery and countless home brewers
says every legislative district in the state has at least one craft brewery and countless home brewers 
Wisconsins criminal threshold for drunken-driving is way out of line with states surrounding us, which have the second offense as a felony.
in invested we ohio in our children raising school funding by percent in the last budget
in ohio we invested in our children raising school funding by percent in the survive budget
in ohio we invested in our children raising school funding by percent in the last budget 
The poverty level in the Dallas school district is one of the highest in the country, higher than New York, Chicago, Los Angeles, Houston, Detroit and Newark.
Says in the last six months of the Bush administration, the U.S. lost 3.5 million jobs, including 760,000 jobs during January 2009 alone.
in when nancy pelosi met with president assad of syria nobody got disturbance
in when nancy pelosi met with president assad of syria upset got nobody
in when nancy pelosi met with president assad of syria nobody got upset 
for the past and lighting gov carcieri eight mrs carcieri would host the years of the state house christmas tree
for the by ashcan school years gov carcieri and mrs carcieri would host the lighting of the state house christmas tree
for the past eight years gov carcieri and mrs carcieri would host the lighting of the state house christmas tree 
Rhode Island has the the second-most heavily deployed National Guard in the United States.
says demond means turnaround district superintendent for milwaukee public schools said the district needs to gutted be
says demond means turnaround district superintendent for milwaukee public cultivate said the district needs to be gutted
says demond means turnaround district superintendent for milwaukee public schools said the district needs to be gutted 
SaysVirginia RepublicanScott Taylor has been convicted in at least four different courts across the country, at times failing to even appear, and having a warrant issued for his arrest.
Nearly 90% of Travis County government races will be settled by the time of the Democratic primary.
says mahatma once gandhi said first they ignore you then then laugh at you they they fight you then you win
tell mahatma gandhi once said first they ignore you then they laugh at you then they fight you then you winnings
says mahatma gandhi once said first they ignore you then they laugh at you then they fight you then you win 
Savings that I achieved helped fund cameras on the border. As a result, more than 21,500 arrests have been made and 46 tons of narcotics confiscated.
"The American people will be appalled to learn the health care bill exempts (congressional) leadership and committee staff."
Says the number of Americans living at or below the poverty line is at its highest level since 1964.
The IRS will have the ability potentially to deny or delay health care.
Deregulation of the states telecommunications industry will create 50,000 jobs in Wisconsin.
We admit about 100,000 permanent immigrants from the Middle East every year.
Says paid family leave is a program that is standard in all but five nations around the world.
nearly wisconsinites have lost their job since over walker and the republicans took governor in january
nearly wisconsinites have lost their job since governor zimmer frame and the republicans took over in january
nearly wisconsinites have lost their job since governor walker and the republicans took over in january 
enounce in the last years the french have not stood by the united states on foreign policy
in says the last years the french have not stood by the united states on foreign policy
says in the last years the french have not stood by the united states on foreign policy 
For the average middle-class family, your taxes today are lower than when I took office.
"There's more than 100,000 people working at the Department of Agriculture. That's 1 employee for every 30 farmers."
says attorney general loretta lynch was a member of the clintons defense team during bill whitewater corruption probe
says attorney general loretta lynch was a member of bill clintons defense team during the whitewater corruption investigation
says attorney general loretta lynch was a member of bill clintons defense team during the whitewater corruption probe 
says thousands at a manhattan rally for donald trump out were chanting we hatred muslims we hatred blacks we want our great country back
says thousands at we manhattan rally for donald were trump chanting a hate muslims we hate blacks we want our great country back
says thousands at a manhattan rally for donald trump were chanting we hate muslims we hate blacks we want our great country back 
Barack Obama "passed laws moving people from welfare to work."
Says Mitt Romney is wrong to claim that spending under Obama has accelerated at a pace without precedent in recent history, because its actually risen slower than at any time in nearly 60 years.
Says President Barack Obama promised a pathway to citizenship to undocumented immigrants and didnt deliver jack squat on any of it.
California has robust job growth that outpaces the rest of the nation.
"The amount of debt is on pace to double in five years and triple in 10. The federal debt is now over $100,000 per household."
"The minute this proposal for near-beach oil drilling came up, I was against it."
The proposed Gogebic mine in northern Wisconsin could be extended as long as 21 miles.
The Richardson-Denish administration gave 50,000 drivers licenses to illegal immigrants in New Mexico.
If youre a Mexican, you get sent back. ... But if youre from a noncontiguous country like the Central American countries then you can stay in the United States.
Says the United States actually exports more gasoline, diesel and other fuels than it imported in 2011 for the first time since, I think, 1949.
Says Richard Burr was one of only three senators who voted against a ban on insider trading for members of Congress. And he called that vote brave.
christian pastor in vermont refusing to one year in prison after sentenced to marry gay couple
christian pastor in vermont condemn to one year in prison after refusing to marry gay couple
christian pastor in vermont sentenced to one year in prison after refusing to marry gay couple
Rhode Island is the only state where officers at state-supported [colleges] carry out their duties unarmed.
Says the United States has the highest corporate tax rate in the world.
it was allowed referring practices her email to
it was allowed referring to her email rehearse
it was allowed referring to her email practices 
"The law is very clear! 'The monies recouped from the TARP shall be paid into the general fund of the treasury for the reduction of the public debt.'"
our veterans in many cases are being treated worse than illegal immigrant
our illegal in many cases are being treated worse than veterans immigrants
our veterans in many cases are being treated worse than illegal immigrants 
Says Paul Ryan tried to change the whole game for Social Security
Says Rob Portman was a registered foreign agent whose client was Haiti, at a time when the Baby Doc, Duvalier, who was a despot, was killing people.
recent policies energy more in georgia have resulted in rate hikes and did not result in solar becoming any solar economically viable
holocene solar energy policies in georgia have resulted in rate hikes and did not final result in solar becoming any more economically viable
recent solar energy policies in georgia have resulted in rate hikes and did not result in solar becoming any more economically viable 
Says President Barack Obamas acceptance of an Islamic order and gold medal was unconstitutional.
In 2010, the non-partisan Government Accountability Office found that only 6.5 percent of the U.S.-Mexico border was under full control of the Border Patrol.
Not one tax has been raised since Ive been governor.
Demand for transportation choice is on the rise, with 14 percent more Ohioans riding passenger trains over the past year.
A poll conducted in Egypt revealed that 80 percent of Egyptians oppose receiving foreign aid from the United States.
we spend twice as much per capita on health care as any other nation on dry land
we spend twice as much per capita on health care as nation other any on earth
we spend twice as much per capita on health care as any other nation on earth 
says the follows education agency texas for to make sure undocumented immigrants paying in state tuition at texas colleges are applying up permanent residency
says the tx education agency adopt up to make sure undocumented immigrants paying in state tuition at tx colleges are applying for permanent residency
says the texas education agency follows up to make sure undocumented immigrants paying in state tuition at texas colleges are applying for permanent residency 
Says 18 states and the District of Columbia have voted Democratic in six consecutive presidential elections.
hide out in the healthcare gov code is language that imply users waive any reasonable right to privacy of your personal information
hidden in the healthcare that code language is gov means users waive any reasonable right to privacy of your personal information
hidden in the healthcare gov code is language that means users waive any reasonable right to privacy of your personal information 
"One of the most recent polls said 75 percent of the American people have said either don't do anything or start over (on health care reform)."
Most military experts say there is anywhere between 25 and 30 members of al Qaeda in Afghanistan.
"The average American is working through the month of May just to pay off the government."
Says Kelly Ayotte stands with the Washington gun lobby. They fund her campaigns.
Barack Obama's network of small donors constitutes a "parallel public financing system."
in cranston it costs to to notifications out community send on just one level sex offender
in cranston it cost to to send out community notifications on just one level sex offender
in cranston it costs to to send out community notifications on just one level sex offender 
While the countrys economy was battered, nine states with no income tax actually grew jobs from 2001 to 2010.
the united states is not building the aircraft the additional range bombers the long aircraft carriers the nuclear submarines
the united states is not building the aircraft the long range bombers the additional aircraft carriers the nuclear u boat
the united states is not building the aircraft the long range bombers the additional aircraft carriers the nuclear submarines 
every year we spend roughly billion on tax abidance that is roughly the budget of our entire armed services entirely wasted on tax abidance
on year we spend roughly billion on tax compliance that is roughly the military of our entire budget entirely wasted every tax compliance
every year we spend roughly billion on tax compliance that is roughly the budget of our entire military entirely wasted on tax compliance 
They say teachers only make on averagein New Jersey 60,000 dollars a year.They only work 180 days.
I can put 10,000 people to work. Electricians, plumbers, sheet metal workers -- by retrofitting all of the state buildings for energy independence or efficiency.
Exporters are using a federal loophole to deceptively sell products made from cat and dog fur to U.S. consumers.
The city of Atlanta has either the highest or second-highest average water bills in the country.
Mitt Romneys and Bain Capitals profits from KB Toys, which later went out of business, were described by the Boston Herald as disgusting.
Roy Coopers refusal to do his job is costing taxpayers money.
In exchange for five minutes with Bill Clinton, the government of Qatar was going to give $1 million to the Clinton Foundation.
"Speaker Rubio supported gun restrictions that included background checks and waiting periods."
Salaries of Austin residents who dont work for city government have not been going up 3 percent a year for the last several years.
She (Kagan) took money from Goldman Sachs just like her boss, Obama.
did you know that in over babies of all percent born in oregon were hispanic
did you know that in over percent of all babies born in beaver state were hispanic
did you know that in over percent of all babies born in oregon were hispanic 
We are one of only two states to have eight consecutive months of declining unemployment. Twenty-one states had increased unemployment last month. Ours went down.
barack disarm wants to unilaterally obama our nation
barack obama desire to unilaterally disarm our nation
barack obama wants to unilaterally disarm our nation 
on an allow moratorium
earmark an on moratorium
on an earmark moratorium 
percent problems include milwaukees black male unemployment
milwaukee problems include percent black male unemployment
milwaukees problems include percent black male unemployment 
Rob Cornilles has disputed for two years a news story that said he said he would cut Social Security and Medicare programs before trimming the U.S. defense budget.
says than railroad commissioner michael williams has attended more texas tea party gatherings
says texas railroad commissioner michael williams has attended more than tea political party gatherings
says texas railroad commissioner michael williams has attended more than tea party gatherings 
harry reid has voted to give peculiar tax breaks to illegal aliens
reid harry has voted to give special tax breaks to illegal aliens
harry reid has voted to give special tax breaks to illegal aliens 
job growth in the united pace is now at the fastest states in this countrys history
job ontogeny in the united states is now at the fastest pace in this countrys history
job growth in the united states is now at the fastest pace in this countrys history 
When asked about equal pay for women, (Rubios) quote was that it was a waste of time.
Atlanta has issued an increasing number of citations - and collected an increasing amount of revenue - since Mayor Kasim Reed took office in 2010.
Says he was known as Veto Corleone for cutting spending as Florida governor.
The last time Republican U.S. Senate candidates beat more than two (incumbents) was 1980.
On how to respond to Puerto Ricos debt crisis.
The State of Rhode Island has the worst state-funded pension in the country.
In 2009 Hillary Clinton was at the State Department working with U.S. corporations to pressure Haiti not to raise the minimum wage to 61 cents an hour from 24 cents.
More than any Republican governor in the 2014 elections, I took a higher percentage of the Republican voteand yet I also carried independents by 12 points.
After the 2012 redistricting, Wisconsin has competitive congressional districts.
"(John McCain) was even mentioned as a running mate with John Kerry."
"I've cast a couple of 99-1 votes" and been the lone dissenter.
says hes never expect for more than inflationary budget increases in his budgets as milwaukee county sheriff
increases hes never asked for more than inflationary budget says in his budgets as milwaukee county sheriff
says hes never asked for more than inflationary budget increases in his budgets as milwaukee county sheriff
Under New York Mayor Bill de Blasio, homicides are up by 20 percent, and subway delays have soared 45 percent.
"And delivered more tax relief than the other Republicans combined."
Says U.S. Rep. Lamar Smith supported the $700 billion Wall Street bailout in 2008, "but now he is standing in the way of reforms that would assure these bailouts would never happen again.
#GradInsurance debacle is a DIRECT result of #ObamaCare. #MIZZOU has to break the law to do the right thing.
says president obama has work the waived requirement for welfare
says president obama has waived the go requirement for welfare
says president obama has waived the work requirement for welfare 
7 out of 10 Oregon families living in poverty have at least one parent who works.
Ninety-seven percent of the time. Thats how often Mark Warner votes with President Obama.
Says Rick Perry is a 25-year incumbent.
Says an array of statistics show that conditions in some parts of Baltimore rival that of the West Bank in Palestine, North Korea, and distressed cities in Nigeria, India, China and South Africa.
The House passed a pay-as-you-go rule that said, "If you wanted to have an investment, an entitlement, etc., you had to pay for it."
The numbers make it clear that Georgia voters are increasingly taking advantage of early voting opportunities.
says sea spray is moving its bordentown processing facility to pennsylvania largely because of costs associated with the regional nursery gas initiative
says ocean spray is moving its bordentown processing facility gas pennsylvania largely because of costs associated to the regional greenhouse with initiative
says ocean spray is moving its bordentown processing facility to pennsylvania largely because of costs associated with the regional greenhouse gas initiative 
On running for the presidency in 2012
Rhode Island is almost dead last among Northeastern states in the length of time first-degree murderers must spend in prison before theyre eligible for parole.
all the very great programs in american history social protection was done without republicans medicare was done without republican support until the last vote where they realized they had to father on board
all the really great programs in american history social security was done without support medicare was last without republicans republican until the done vote where they realized they had to get on board
all the really great programs in american history social security was done without republicans medicare was done without republican support until the last vote where they realized they had to get on board 
black diane voted to fund obamacare
diane lightlessness voted to fund obamacare
diane black voted to fund obamacare 
Hurricane Sandy, the most destructive Atlantic storm ever.
The Hispanic population in Gwinnett and Henry counties has increased by 153 percent and 339 percent, respectively, since 2000 while Republican presidential candidates are getting a smaller percentage of the vote in those counties.
I was the most bipartisan senator in the United States Senate.
Says Gov. Scott Walker raises the pay of inmates, but we dont raise the pay of staff in our correctional institutions.
in current debate over authorizing to action against the islamic state would be the first time congress chief place limits on the commander in chiefs ability military be commander the would
the current debate over authorizing armed forces action against the islamic state would be the first time congress would lieu limits on the commander in chiefs ability to be commander in principal
the current debate over authorizing military action against the islamic state would be the first time congress would place limits on the commander in chiefs ability to be commander in chief 
U.S. debt is now equal to 100 percent of the GDP.
Tom Ganley supports a 23 percent national sales tax that would raise taxes on the middle class while giving a huge tax break to millionaires like himself.
Pat Toomey still supports privatizing Social Security.
The marijuana that kids are smoking today is not the same as the marijuana that Jeb Bush smoked 40 years ago.
Barack Obama voted against born alive legislation in Illinois that was virtually identical to the federal law.
Says Trump shirts are made in Bangladesh, Trump suits in Mexico, Trump Vodka in the Netherlands, Trump crystal barware in Slovenia and his cufflinks and ties in China.
says president barack obama has opened up no new barter relationships with other nations
up president barack obama has opened says no new trade relationships with other nations
says president barack obama has opened up no new trade relationships with other nations 
Says taxpayer subsidy for the Oregon Convention Center hotel jumped $100 million in closed-door sessions
Says you can buy four light bulbs for $1.99 at Walmart, while a single compact fluorescent lamp (CFL) costs $10 a pop.
(Jeb) Bush, not the State of Florida, decided which private emails to disclose.
"History tells us that job growth always lags behind economic growth."
Bill Howell has been the consistent force behind every major tax increase in Virginia in the last decade.
More than 9,000 Rhode Island voters used the Moderate Party master lever mechanism and they didnt have a single Moderate on their ballot.
President Obama is attacking Paul Ryan on Medicare even though it is his administration with the help of Jim Langevin who cut $716 billion from Medicare.
says hillary clinton has eve deleted this record of sum support for the trans pacific partnership trade agreement from her book
trade says clinton has even deleted this record of total support for the trans pacific partnership hillary agreement from her book
says hillary clinton has even deleted this record of total support for the trans pacific partnership trade agreement from her book 
obama pose iran is a tiny country doesnt says a serious threat
obama enunciate iran is a tiny country doesnt pose a serious threat
obama says iran is a tiny country doesnt pose a serious threat 
barbara boxers worried about the weather alternatively of terrorism as the biggest threat to national security
barbara boxers worried about the weather as of terrorism instead the biggest threat to national security
barbara boxers worried about the weather instead of terrorism as the biggest threat to national security 
"We spend three times more on entitlements and debt services than we do on defense."
in the elections the american want overwhelmingly said we dont want obamacare and we dont people amnesty
in the elections the american people overwhelmingly state we dont want obamacare and we dont want amnesty
in the elections the american people overwhelmingly said we dont want obamacare and we dont want amnesty 
Dan Patrick got caught not paying his taxes and pocketed his employees payroll taxes.
Says Merrick Garland authored an opinion that resulted in the release of 17 Guantanamo Bay prisoners who were part of a group of violent Islamist extremists the State Department had designated as terrorists.
Congress has 11 percent approval ratings, yet 96.4 percent of incumbent lawmakers were re-elected in 2014.
Letting the Bush tax cuts expire would raise taxes on small businesses.
Statistics bear out that any time a country, a state, makes more restrictive abortion laws ... fatalities go up and abortions actually increase.
The presidents budget would take ... non-defense spending to its lowest level ... as a percentage of the economy since JFK.
Of the approximately 6 million disenfranchised felons in the United States, one-quarter are Floridians.
obama essentially threatened to bomb pakistan
pakistan basically threatened to bomb obama
obama basically threatened to bomb pakistan 
the governor did not consult members of released own party before he his his transportation plan
the governor did not confer with members of his own party before he released his transportation plan
the governor did not consult members of his own party before he released his transportation plan 
ohio has lost more population than every other state for the country except in two
ohio has lost more population than every other state in the country except for deuce
ohio has lost more population than every other state in the country except for two 
Here in California, Donald Trump has given $12,000 to Jerry Brown, Gavin Newsom and Kamala Harris.
Gov. Rick Perry has overseen the highest Texas unemployment in 22 years.
on support the for auto bailouts
on support for the automobile bailouts
on support for the auto bailouts 
Ed Gillespies 2006 book promoted an individual health care mandate, and recommends that it be enforced by the IRS through the income tax code.
When Republican extremists tried to take away abortion rights Blake Rocap stopped them.
Says Obama refuses to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel.
Says he helped to draft parts of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street reform bill.
Says income tax rates under Eisenhower were as high as 90 percent.
American homeownership rate in Q2 2016 was 62.9% - lowest rate in 51yrs.
Romneys Medicare plan was estimated to cost the average senior about $6,000 a year.
If we had the same staffing ratio (of officers to residents) as Seattle, wed have 300 more officers in our department.
Department of Veterans Affairs doctors are prohibited from recommending medical marijuana.
When career politician Daniel Webster became speaker of the House, he wasted $32,000 of our money on a spiral staircase for his office.
Texas had the highest level of turnout than ever before in the primary.
says the departure between her and barack obama is about years of experience
barack the difference between her and says obama is about years of experience
says the difference between her and barack obama is about years of experience 
22 veterans take their own lives each day.
The United States is the only major country on earth that doesnt guarantee health care to all people as a right, not a privilege.
Said former U.S. Ambassador to Kenya Scott Gration was forced to resign two years ago because of his personal use of emails.
Says Florida is a model for successful pretrial release programs.
If you have ever visited Nashville or Washington D.C. you will see MANY names and initials carved into ... desks.
redistribution has never been a america of characteristic
redistribution has neer been a characteristic of america
redistribution has never been a characteristic of america 
tampa is the strip social club capital of the world
tampa is of strip club capital the the world
tampa is the strip club capital of the world 
lt they reached a power sharing agreement with republican said gov casey cagle
said they reached a power partake in agreement with republican lt gov casey cagle
said they reached a power sharing agreement with republican lt gov casey cagle
Says between 6 and 20 bicycles can be parked in the space required by one car.
i unsealed marquette records at my university
i unsealed my commemorate at marquette university
i unsealed my records at marquette university 
Says that U.S. Rep. Allen West is a constituent of mine.
the s u gives foreign aid to cuba and venezuela even though those countries are our enemies
the u s gives foreign assistance to cuba and venezuela even though those countries are our enemies
the u s gives foreign aid to cuba and venezuela even though those countries are our enemies 
Says Texas wildfires are linked to climate change.
if the agreement goes into mexican the millions of to citizens eligible will become who for social security benefits may have a far stronger claim effect benefits and protection against cuts than u s citizens
if the agreement goes into effect the millions of mexican citizen who will become eligible for social security benefits may have a far stronger claim to benefits and protective covering against burn than u s citizen
if the agreement goes into effect the millions of mexican citizens who will become eligible for social security benefits may have a far stronger claim to benefits and protection against cuts than u s citizens 
earlier this year john depetro was accused of sexually assaulting a female person co worker
earlier this year john worker was accused of sexually assaulting a female co depetro
earlier this year john depetro was accused of sexually assaulting a female co worker 
capitol of tea party protests shows crowd sprawling from photo to washington monument
photo of tea party protestation shows crowd sprawling from capitol to washington monument
photo of tea party protests shows crowd sprawling from capitol to washington monument
The approval of the United States was 20 points higher when (Hillary Clinton) left the secretary of states office than when she took it.
every nonpareil of the supervisors of elections in florida refused to carry out the effort to take out noncitizens from the voter rolls
every one of the supervisors of elections in florida carry to refused effort the out to remove noncitizens from the voter rolls
every one of the supervisors of elections in florida refused to carry out the effort to remove noncitizens from the voter rolls 
"Bill Richardson is the only major Democratic candidate with a plan to withdraw all American troops from Iraq. All of the other major Democratic candidates support leaving American troops in Iraq indefinitely."
I earned more votes in the state of Wisconsin than Donald Trump did in New York.
There are 278 Republicans in Congress. (With Eric Cantors defeat), they are now all Christian and all white except for one black senator, who was appointed.
if the stamp flicker built turbine is wind the health risk of farm impact created by shadows of blades of turbines poses real and significant health risks particularly seizures
if the stamp farm wind turbine is build the health risk of flicker impact created by phantom of blades of turbines poses real and significant health risks particularly seizures
if the stamp farm wind turbine is built the health risk of flicker impact created by shadows of blades of turbines poses real and significant health risks particularly seizures 
gov crists veto also clears the way taxpayer for funding of abortion in florida
gov crists disallow also clears the way for taxpayer funding of abortion in florida
gov crists veto also clears the way for taxpayer funding of abortion in florida 
Says she condemned violence at a campaign stop in Arizona in March.
According to the most recent report, Wisconsins high school graduation rates are also up again -- to third best in the country.
In Iran in 1979, the extremists hijacked the broad-based popular revolution against the Shah and established a brutal theocracy.
On immigration reform, Marco Rubio all along has been saying, We have to have border security first and then he gets on Spanish TV, he ends up saying, No, no. That will never get in the way.
dem controlled ohio house to voted change the take to create objective criteria to modify the constitution to process politics out of the efforts to draw legislative boundaries
dem controlled ohio mansion voted to change the process to create objective criteria to modify the constitution to take politics out of the efforts to draw legislative limit
dem controlled ohio house voted to change the process to create objective criteria to modify the constitution to take politics out of the efforts to draw legislative boundaries 
Over the last few years, weve put more people back to work than all the other advanced economies combined.
Obama "voted against critical resources: no to individual body armor, no to helicopters, no to ammunition, no to aircraft."
says u s sen sherrod brown is responsible for over trillion debt in
says u s sen sherrod brown is creditworthy for over trillion in debt
says u s sen sherrod brown is responsible for over trillion in debt 
under tom barretts leading violent crime in milwaukee has decreased by over to its lowest stage in more than years
under tom barretts leadership to crime in milwaukee has decreased by over violent levels lowest its in more than years
under tom barretts leadership violent crime in milwaukee has decreased by over to its lowest levels in more than years 
barack obama appeared in the video recording for whoomp there it is
barack obama in appeared the video for whoomp there it is
barack obama appeared in the video for whoomp there it is 
Florida has the most concealed weapon permits in the nation, nearly double that of the second state, which is Texas.
Under President George W. Bush, the U.S. had 52 months of ... uninterrupted job creation and revenues were at an all-time high in 2007.
Says Gov. Scott Walker didnt balance the budget so we now have a larger state deficit 14 months into (his) term than we did when he was elected.
compared that says to direct sales by manufacturers consumers save avg of per car sold through franchised dealer model
says that compared to direct sales by manufacturers consumers save avg of per car sell through franchised dealer model
says that compared to direct sales by manufacturers consumers save avg of per car sold through franchised dealer model 
Says that Josh Mandel voted to let insurance companies deny coverage for autism
prior to obamacare here in badger state percent of badger were covered by insurance after obamacare percent of badger were covered by insurance it hasnt had an impact
prior to obamacare insurance in wisconsin percent of wisconsinites were covered by it after obamacare percent of wisconsinites were covered by insurance here hasnt had an impact
prior to obamacare here in wisconsin percent of wisconsinites were covered by insurance after obamacare percent of wisconsinites were covered by insurance it hasnt had an impact 
Secretary Clinton changes her position on (gun issues) every election year, it seems, having one position in 2000 and then campaigning against President Obama and saying we dont need federal standards.
The rifle used by Omar Mateen shoots off 700 rounds in a minute.
building and running the atlanta streetcar jobs projected to create is
building and running the atlanta streetcar is design to create jobs
building and running the atlanta streetcar is projected to create jobs 
wisconsin is one of the bluest states but under scott unemployment its walker rate is around
wisconsin is one of the bluest states but under scott go cart its unemployment rate is around
wisconsin is one of the bluest states but under scott walker its unemployment rate is around 
residential property taxes in capital of rhode island are up nearly percent under mayor taveras
percent property taxes in providence are up nearly residential under mayor taveras
residential property taxes in providence are up nearly percent under mayor taveras 
Assault weapons and handguns are allowed in the state Capitol while bullhorns, trumpets, helium balloons and flags on poles are banned.
teachers are working their third consecutive class some longer than that without salary increases
teachers are salary their third consecutive year some longer than that without working increases
teachers are working their third consecutive year some longer than that without salary increases 
The highest paid employee of the State of Rhode Island is a basketball coach.
i dont have lobbyists running my movement
my dont have lobbyists running i campaign
i dont have lobbyists running my campaign 
Expanding Medicaid would require borrowing more money, drastically expanding our deficit.
After (Jeb) Bushs two terms in office, Floridas graduation rate was dead last and remains near the bottom.
Farming is one of the fastest growing areas of our economy.
weve seen the increase of alcohol use for underage tyke even though alcohol has been illegal for tyke under
weve seen under increase of alcohol use for underage kids even though alcohol has been illegal for kids the
weve seen the increase of alcohol use for underage kids even though alcohol has been illegal for kids under 
bureaucrat we had if on obamacare and a been was trying to tell me when i could get that cat scan that would have delayed my treatment
if we had been on obamacare and a bureaucrat was trying to tell me when i could get that disgorge scan that would have delayed my handling
if we had been on obamacare and a bureaucrat was trying to tell me when i could get that cat scan that would have delayed my treatment 
The proposed Keystone XL oil pipeline is a bipartisan proposal.
On support for gay marriage.
Says Mitt Romney just gave a speech a few weeks ago and said we should still have troops in Iraq.
Says David Dewhurst explicitly advocated a guest worker program for all illegal immigrants.
A Republican proposal changes Medicare for those under age 55 so that they will participate in the same kind of health plan that members of Congress do.
Says the Affordable Care Act was a federal takeover of the student loan industry and profits on the loans go to help pay for the health care law.
barack days had obama in the u s senate where he was able to vote quite often present
barack obama had days in the u s senate where he was able to vote quite a often present
barack obama had days in the u s senate where he was able to vote quite often present 
Much more than 50 percentof parents out there are spankers.
Wisconsin is one of the highest taxed states in the nation.
says opponent bill flores helped run a company that laid off workers over and paid off executives with millions
says opponent bill flores helped run a company that laid off over workers and compensate off executives with millions
says opponent bill flores helped run a company that laid off over workers and paid off executives with millions 
says staff obama has people on her michelle nancy reagan had just
says michelle obama has people on her staff nancy president reagan had just
says michelle obama has people on her staff nancy reagan had just 
Says Rick Perry doubled spending in a decade.
Texas still owns all of its public lands. If the federal govt wants to create a park, they must ask permission!
the decision last week exceeded the th supreme the time court voted that the president had was his constitutional authority
the decisiveness cobblers last week was the th time the supreme court voted that the president had exceeded his constitutional authority
the decision last week was the th time the supreme court voted that the president had exceeded his constitutional authority 
says tammy baldwin supports doctors law in which government will on over your decisions on medicine on a and take hospitals
says tammy baldwin supports a law in which government will take over your decisions on medicine on doctor and on hospital
says tammy baldwin supports a law in which government will take over your decisions on medicine on doctors and on hospitals 
The projected $1.8 billion state budget shortfall for 2015-17 actually comes from an assumption based on zero growth. That just doesnt happen.
and if we do nothing and continue to let obamacare siphon off that billion dollars less away top of it medicare goes the in off than years certain accounts of it says it just falls apart at the seams
sound out if we do nothing and continue to army of the pure obamacare siphon off that billion dollars off the top of it medicare goes away in less than years certain write up of it and it just falls apart at the seams
says if we do nothing and continue to let obamacare siphon off that billion dollars off the top of it medicare goes away in less than years certain accounts of it and it just falls apart at the seams 
says sen trick mccain expend the july weekend in islamabad pakistan selling f s and advanced weapons to the folks who harbored osama bin laden
says sen john mccain spent the july weekend in islamabad osama bin f s and advanced weapons to the folks who harbored pakistan selling laden
says sen john mccain spent the july weekend in islamabad pakistan selling f s and advanced weapons to the folks who harbored osama bin laden 
a donald trump doesnt make says thing in america
says donald trump doesnt draw a thing in america
says donald trump doesnt make a thing in america 
Why is President Obama unnecessarily delaying your flight? FAA could cut other spending.
John Cornyn has voted to increase the debt, raise taxes, bail out Wall Street banks and fund Obamacare.
Washington politicians run Social Security like a Ponzi scheme.
Says Republican presidential candidate and Gov. John Kasich has spent 177 days out of state and used $350,000 in taxpayer money on his costly campaign.
of all time wonder why no one of all time occur forward from obamas past saying they knew him attended school day with him was his friend etc not one person has of all time come forward from his past
ever wonder why no one ever came forward from obamas past saying they knew him attended has person him was his school etc not one with friend ever come forward from his past
ever wonder why no one ever came forward from obamas past saying they knew him attended school with him was his friend etc not one person has ever come forward from his past 
California has the sixth largest economy on planet Earth.
obamas barack plan calls for mandates and fines for small businesses
barack obamas design calls for mandates and fines for small businesses
barack obamas plan calls for mandates and fines for small businesses 
says expanse near proposed northern wisconsin fe ore mine is hours away from where public hearing on mining was held
says area near from northern wisconsin iron ore mine is hours away hearing where public proposed on mining was held
says area near proposed northern wisconsin iron ore mine is hours away from where public hearing on mining was held 
our credit rating went up since ive been in bureau
up credit rating went our since ive been in office
our credit rating went up since ive been in office 
African-American children are 500 percent more likely to die from asthma than white kids.
u s police killed more people one just in month in the u k s did than over a century
u s patrol killed more people in just unmatchable month than the u k s did in over a century
u s police killed more people in just one month than the u k s did in over a century 
The legislature was never given the opportunity to debate or vote on loaning $75 million to 38 Studios.
"When we've got CEOs making more in 10 minutes than ordinary workers are making in a year ... then something is wrong."
says soccer players on u the s mens national team are immigrants
says soccer players on the u s hands national team are immigrants
says soccer players on the u s mens national team are immigrants 
the are by executive order could grant voting rights to illegal immigrants who president newly legalized under pending legislation
the president by executive director order could grant voting rights to illegal immigrants who are newly legalized under pending legislation
the president by executive order could grant voting rights to illegal immigrants who are newly legalized under pending legislation 
Rob Portman won the fewest votes of all Ohio U. S. Senate victors since 2000.
Says U.S. Senate candidate Michelle Nunn was handpicked by President Barack Obama
china owns about percent of the uranium s debt
china owns about the of percent u s debt
china owns about percent of the u s debt 
Chris Sununu supported Obamas Common Core agenda, taking away local control of our schools.
(President Barack Obama) said unemployment was never gonna go over 8 percent if we passed the stimulus plan.
Gwinnett County government has made significant cutbacks in staffing.
Says the Constitution specifically states the Congress shall write legislation for immigration policy, so Barack Obama lacks the authority to defer the deportation of young illegal immigrants.
Crime rises in communities with casinos.
Americans spend 6.1 billion hours a year complying with tax law. It costs us $163 billion to comply with our tax laws annually.
A space shuttle the National Museum of the United States Air Force near Dayton would be within a days drive of 60 percent of the U.S. population.
It isnt me cutting the budget. Its the Congressdecision on sequestration. So it isnt secretary of defense or the president doing this.
Arizona schools rank 45th in the nation, dead last in funding per student.
Rhode Island is at the top of the country for alcohol-related fatalities.
maj nidal hasan the human race accused of the fort hood shootings was an advisor to the obama administration
maj nidal hasan the man accused advisor the fort hood shootings was an of to the obama administration
maj nidal hasan the man accused of the fort hood shootings was an advisor to the obama administration 
florida has the second contribution campaign lowest limit in the entire country
florida has the second lowest campaign part limit in the entire country
florida has the second lowest campaign contribution limit in the entire country 
As CEO of WWE, Linda McMahon was caught tipping off a ringside physician about a federal investigation into illegally distributing steroids to wrestlers.
We have, right now, Hezbollah, which is working throughout Latin America, in Venezuela, in Mexico, throughout Latin America, which poses a very significant and imminent threat to the United States of America.
Says taking millionaires off food stamps and unemployment would save $20 million.
"The last six polls, including this week's Time magazine, show that I beat John McCain by six or seven points."
saint david beckhams proposed soccer stadium at miamis port threatens the jobs and billion economic impact tied to the cargo and cruise diligence
david beckhams proposed soccer stadium at billion port threatens the jobs and miamis industries impact tied to the cargo and cruise economic
david beckhams proposed soccer stadium at miamis port threatens the jobs and billion economic impact tied to the cargo and cruise industries 
If we pass immigration reform, it will make wages go up on average $250 for the average household.
Says that when President Bill Clinton raised the top tax rates to levels now proposed by Obama, the country experienced significant job growth.
scott walker gave wisconsin money creation job to and cronies corporate friends who contributed to his campaigns his got million in job development incentives
scott walker gave wisconsin job creation money to his cronies bodied friends who contributed to his campaigns and got million in job evolution incentives
scott walker gave wisconsin job creation money to his cronies corporate friends who contributed to his campaigns and got million in job development incentives
due to actions by president barack obama the burger king national headquarters announced this calendar month that they will be pulling their franchise from our military bases
due to actions by president military obama the burger king national headquarters announced this month that they will be pulling their from franchises our barack bases
due to actions by president barack obama the burger king national headquarters announced this month that they will be pulling their franchises from our military bases 
scott walker has a plan to privatize united states department of state lands and wants to sell our deer to the highest bidder
scott sell has a plan to privatize state lands and wants to walker our deer to the highest bidder
scott walker has a plan to privatize state lands and wants to sell our deer to the highest bidder 
The United States had allies lined up for air strikes in Syria and then Obama pulled the rug out.
we saw the president of the united states this historic troops in a fourth conflict in a foreign land engage is american
we saw the president of the united res publica engage american troops in a fourth fight in a foreign land this is historic
we saw the president of the united states engage american troops in a fourth conflict in a foreign land this is historic 
Says hes signed a pledge not to raise taxes four times.
Unemployment in Texas has risen over two percentage points with Rick Perry as governor.
u s reps paul ryan sean duffy and reid ribble are shutting down town hall meetings or making their ingredient devote to attend them
u pay reps paul ryan sean duffy constituents reid ribble are shutting down town hall meetings or making their and s to attend them
u s reps paul ryan sean duffy and reid ribble are shutting down town hall meetings or making their constituents pay to attend them 
rick perry thinks injecting and year old girls without with controversial drug the hpv vaccine a a parents consent is a good idea
kink perry thinks injecting and year old girls with a controversial drug the hpv vaccine without a parents consent is a honest idea
rick perry thinks injecting and year old girls with a controversial drug the hpv vaccine without a parents consent is a good idea 
a had pride vote gay nothing to do with discrimination
a gay pride vote had nothing to do with favoritism
a gay pride vote had nothing to do with discrimination 
The Republicans still want to privatize (Social Security). In fact, their whole idea is to turn over the Social Security trust fund to Wall Street.
On the night of the Iowa caucuses, Obama promised the nation that he would do health care reform focused on cost containment, he opposed an individual mandate, and he said he was going to do it with Republicans.
Says Florida rubber-stamped phony horse racing.
One of the key things about Leonard Lance is that in 2008, when you look at [the] Project Vote Smart website, he was not for guns. Now he has gone too far to the right, saying that you can carry concealed weapons in national parks.
Says she helped lead the launch of curbside recycling.
Barack Obama "wants the government to take over health care, spend hundreds of billions of dollars of new money for health insurance for everyone."
We have 25 million Americans out of work.
The national debt increased $16,000 every secondGeorge Allen served in theU.S. Senate.
Our small staff of 51 is still fewer than we had a decade ago, yet our caseload -- like that of other courts -- has grown.
Guantanamo Bay detainees will get the H1N1 vaccine.
on whether he would vote for the budget suggest by rep paul ryan r wis
on whether he would vote for the by proposed budget rep paul ryan r wis
on whether he would vote for the budget proposed by rep paul ryan r wis 
Women in Ohio earn on average 77 cents for every dollar earned by a man.
hillary clinton and her startedthe of campaign birther controversy
sir edmund percival hillary clinton and her campaign of startedthe birther controversy
hillary clinton and her campaign of startedthe birther controversy 
The average taxpayer will see the equivalent of a 2 percent pay raise as a result of low fuel prices.
Says Bill Nelson voted to cut $700 billion out of Medicare to pay for Obamacare.
says u s rep st john the apostle barrow d ga celebrates gun ownership even in the face of school shootings
says u s rep john barrow d of celebrates gun ownership even in the face ga school shootings
says u s rep john barrow d ga celebrates gun ownership even in the face of school shootings 
schoolchildren across the banks will be forced to the watch president justify his care for government run health plans nation and automobile companies increasing taxes on those who create jobs and racking up more debt than any other president
schoolchildren across the nation will be constrained to watch the president justify his plans for government run health care banks and automobile fellowship increase taxes on those who create jobs and racking up more debt than any other president
schoolchildren across the nation will be forced to watch the president justify his plans for government run health care banks and automobile companies increasing taxes on those who create jobs and racking up more debt than any other president 
wisconsin employers factors repeatedly said in surveys of our anti business litigation climate is one that the most important have affecting their expansion decisions
wisconsin employers have repeatedly said in surveys that our anti business litigation mood is one of the most significant factors affecting their expansion decisions
wisconsin employers have repeatedly said in surveys that our anti business litigation climate is one of the most important factors affecting their expansion decisions 
On abortion
the pasco county budget has doubled in the past three yr
the has county budget pasco doubled in the past three years
the pasco county budget has doubled in the past three years 
"The fact is, in the past year we have had more tax cuts than almost any time in our nation's history."
Says a new state report confirms that red-light cameras lead to more accidents, more injuries and greater cost.
Only seven of 18 federal food assistance programs have been associated with positive health and nutrition outcomes, while the remaining 11 have not been effective.
Republicans enacted the most drastic cuts to K-12 public schools of any state in the nation.
just look at embarrassment the fbi director said about her hillary misconduct her clinton is a disgrace and what to our country
just look at what the fbi director said about her sir edmund hillary clinton her mishandle is a disgrace and embarrassment to our country
just look at what the fbi director said about her hillary clinton her misconduct is a disgrace and embarrassment to our country 
when his grandfather arrived in the united states there were no government immigrants for benefits
when his grandfather arrived in the link states there were no government benefits for immigrants
when his grandfather arrived in the united states there were no government benefits for immigrants 
says rejecting federal aid other expand medicaid will texas in send billion in federal taxes paid by texans to to states to insure their working poor
says rejecting federal soldier aid to expand medicaid in texas will send billion in federal soldier taxes paid by texans to other states to insure their working pitiful
says rejecting federal aid to expand medicaid in texas will send billion in federal taxes paid by texans to other states to insure their working poor 
"Big oil's filling John McCain's campaign with $2-million in contributions."
We have over 700,000 illegal immigrants in the state. Theyre costing us billions of dollars and theyre taking legal residents jobs.
a third base of all the young people in us are not in us today because of abortion because one in three pregnancies end in abortion
a are of all the young people in america third not in america today because of abortion because one in end pregnancies three in abortion
a third of all the young people in america are not in america today because of abortion because one in three pregnancies end in abortion 
Says Mitt Romneys plan makes catastrophic cuts to education.
on same sexuality marriage
marriage same sex on
on same sex marriage 
According to the most recent jobs report, weve got more Americans leaving the workforce than we have finding jobs.
"Fidel (Castro) has made his preferences known in the campaign and had some very unkind things to say about me."
former atlanta public schools superintendent beverly hall left the school district than better significantly she found it
early atlanta public schools superintendent beverly hall left the school district significantly better than she found it
former atlanta public schools superintendent beverly hall left the school district significantly better than she found it 
Says that the federal gas tax has not been raised since 1993.
In my home state, nearly one in five Floridians live in poverty.
ninety the percent of four bills that pass the senate have no debate no no no amendments no reading of the bill vote online disclosure
ninety four percent of the bills that exceed the senate have no argue no vote no amendments no reading of the bill no online disclosure
ninety four percent of the bills that pass the senate have no debate no vote no amendments no reading of the bill no online disclosure 
Since last years address, more than 10,000 jobs created -- many on the high end of the employment scale.
David Perdue proposes rolling back the clock on womens health care.
52 jobs have been saved or created in Florida's 34th Congressional District.
says scott footer bad budget includes no weekend for workers
says no walkers bad budget includes scott weekend for workers
says scott walkers bad budget includes no weekend for workers 
sayspresident obama and his allies in congress gave power to control medicare affected role health fear decisions to a commission of unelected bureaucrats in washington
sayspresident obama and his allies in gave congress power to control medicare patients health care decisions commission a to of unelected bureaucrats in washington
sayspresident obama and his allies in congress gave power to control medicare patients health care decisions to a commission of unelected bureaucrats in washington 
Since 9/11, right-wing extremists (incl anti-abortion, anti-gov) have killed more Americans than Islamic extremists.
Millions of people have given up looking for work altogether.
under hillary clinton state clinton officials were sending official thank yous to people who gave to the department foundation
under hillary clinton state department officials were sending official thank yous to mass who gave to the clinton foundation
under hillary clinton state department officials were sending official thank yous to people who gave to the clinton foundation 
Says Bill Clinton signed a law very similar to, and Barack Obama voted for a law something like, Indianas Religious Freedom Restoration Act.
says the united states is the only land that affords citizenship to anyone born here whether you are here legally or illicitly
says the united states is the affords nation that only citizenship here anyone born here whether you are to legally or illegally
says the united states is the only nation that affords citizenship to anyone born here whether you are here legally or illegally 
mary record burkes fewer jobs
mary burkes record fewer line of work
mary burkes record fewer jobs 
Says she would bring 186,740 new jobs to Wisconsin and Donald Trump would cost Wisconsin 61,050 jobs.
says planned parenthood provides about prenatal for visits care in each state
says be after parenthood provides about visits for prenatal care in each state
says planned parenthood provides about visits for prenatal care in each state 
says that in states politics workers are better paid than the taxpayers who support them
says that who states government workers are better paid than the taxpayers in support them
says that in states government workers are better paid than the taxpayers who support them 
We are imprisoning or giving jail sentences to young people who are smoking marijuana.
500,000 people have signed up for #Obamacare.
The number of new illegal immigrant families who have crossed the border so far this year already exceeds the entire total from 2015.
the economy began in nose dive when democrats took control of congress its january
the economy began its nose nosedive when democrats took control of congress in january
the economy began its nose dive when democrats took control of congress in january 
Says Russ Feingold cut Medicare by $523 billion.
Bin Laden had declared war against Pakistan.
No family earns too much to qualify for Oregon Healthy Kids program.
Says that in Curry County, if you make a 911 call youre likely to wait for an hour for a response.
Says when he was governor, most of the Democrats voted for his billion-dollar property-tax cuts, but U.S. Senate rival Tammy Baldwin voted against it.
When Tallahassee politicians and bureaucrats tried to run our schools, Ive stood up to them to protect local control.
John McCain said last year he didn't know of a solution to the mortgage crisis.
One Wisconsin school district is so worried about losing state funding that it has stopped giving milk to elementary school kids during snack time.
Mitt Romney is tearing down his 3,000-square-foot house to build an 11,000-square-foot house.
Jeff Weems legal record is one of defending BP, Enron and just about every big oil company against the working man.
Our crime rate continues to plummet.
tax you sell your house after you will pay a percent sales if on it
if you sell your house after you will pay a percentage sales tax on it
if you sell your house after you will pay a percent sales tax on it 
The NRA supported background checks...
A tax plan promoted by North Carolina Senate candidate Thom Tillis will overwhelmingly benefit the wealthy.
Prior to 1962, everybody prayed before school started, and the Bible was the principal textbook in all schools.
A DeKalb sewer project will create up to 4,000 direct jobs per year at peak production, many of which will be set aside exclusively for DeKalb residents.
Romney said "'No' to in-state tuition" for illegal immigrants.
You cant give a child an aspirin in school without permission. You cant do any kind of medication, but we can secretly take the child off and have an abortion.
twenty percent of single find ages are with no kids to not working or even in school trying to adults a job
twenty percent of one adults ages to with no kids are not working or eventide in school trying to find a job
twenty percent of single adults ages to with no kids are not working or even in school trying to find a job 
On torture.
Says drug cartels are using social media to offer rebates so more children from Central America get smuggled to the United States.
president obama plans to impose a taxation of at least percent on the medicare prescription drug benefit for humbled income beneficiaries
president obama plans to the a tax of at least percent medicare impose on prescription drug benefit for low income beneficiaries
president obama plans to impose a tax of at least percent on the medicare prescription drug benefit for low income beneficiaries 
Says Danny Tarkanian is NRA FRated.
The United States stopped plans to build a missile defense shield in Eastern Europe as a gift to Russia.
says steve kagen promised us jobs voting for the billion stimulant cost another jobs lost
says billion kagen promised us jobs voting for the steve stimulus cost another jobs lost
says steve kagen promised us jobs voting for the billion stimulus cost another jobs lost 
On delaying a health care mandate on business.
Georgias civil forfeiture laws are among the worst in the country and the very worst in the South.
Gas prices have gone up 99 percent since Obama became president, the highest gas price increase since Carter.
Romney would turn Medicare into a voucher program.
a report came just out that if we continue with obamas president policies were looking at over percent unemployment next year in the fourth quarter
a report just came out that if we remain with president obamas insurance were looking at over percent unemployment next year in the fourth quarter
a report just came out that if we continue with president obamas policies were looking at over percent unemployment next year in the fourth quarter 
Forty-six states have a line-item veto for the governor.
on the rejected the federal government should spend floridas way high speed rail money
on the way the federal government should spend floridas rejected richly speed rail money
on the way the federal government should spend floridas rejected high speed rail money 
accord to barack obamas newest unconstitutionally enacted practice of law health care professionals are now required to violate hipaa privacy pentateuch and submit medical data to the government which is then used as justification for gun confiscation
to to barack obamas newest unconstitutionally enacted data health care professionals are now required according violate hipaa privacy laws and submit then law to the government which is medical used as justification for gun confiscation
according to barack obamas newest unconstitutionally enacted law health care professionals are now required to violate hipaa privacy laws and submit medical data to the government which is then used as justification for gun confiscation 
"Mike Huckabee raised taxes on dog groomers!"
Says Jeb Bush happens to be where a majority of Republican voters areon giving legal status to illegal immigrants.
Massachusetts has less than 1 percent of our kids that are uninsured. You (Gov. Perry) have a million kids uninsured in Texas.
Graduation and third-grade reading scores are up in the state since I took office.
At nearly 19 million people, the population of Florida is larger than all the earlier primary and caucus states combined.
for every one esd superintendent position we can pay for three speech diagnostician or three special indigence instructors or three classroom teachers
for every one position superintendent esd we can pay for three speech pathologists or three special needs classroom or three instructors teachers
for every one esd superintendent position we can pay for three speech pathologists or three special needs instructors or three classroom teachers 
percent of the air located control towers the obama administration is closing are traffic in republican congressional districts
percent of the air dealings control towers the obama administration is closing are located in republican congressional districts
percent of the air traffic control towers the obama administration is closing are located in republican congressional districts 
Says Apple products are currently 90 percent conflict-free, and Intel is 100 percent conflict-free.
Crimea became part of Ukraine only in 1954. Crimea was historically part of Russia, and (Nikita) Khrushchev gave it to Ukraine in a gesture that mystified some people.
sound out he has a fiducial responsibility to his business his family and his employees to pay no more tax than legally required
says he has a fiduciary responsibility to no business his family his his employees to pay and more tax than legally required
says he has a fiduciary responsibility to his business his family and his employees to pay no more tax than legally required 
The federal government could save $500 million annually by circulating $1 coins instead of $1 bills.
During the (housing) crisis, Catherine Cortez Masto gave a sweetheart contract worth millions to a D.C. law firm that then donated thousands to her political campaigns.
Rick Scott "was forced to resign as the head of a company that pled guilty to massive amounts of systematic fraud, including 14 felonies, leading to a historic $1.7 billion fine."
says the federal government restricts how much salt food can put on our we
says the federal government restricts how much salt we can set up on our food
says the federal government restricts how much salt we can put on our food 
during the lead up to the american revolutionary state of war some guy in beantown got his head blown off because he tried to secretly raise the tax on tea
during off lead up to the american revolutionary war some guy in boston got his head blown the because he tried tea secretly raise the tax on to
during the lead up to the american revolutionary war some guy in boston got his head blown off because he tried to secretly raise the tax on tea 
Proposed NClaw for body camera footage gives police broad authority to keep video footage secret even from individuals who are filmed.
The wages of about 60,562 state and local government employees would be affected if the minimum wage is increased to $10.10 in Georgia, for a combined cost to taxpayers of more than $164 million annually.
It doesn't make sense "historically" to drop out because the 1968 race was still competitive when "Bobby Kennedy was assassinated in June in California."
Says he couldnt keep a 42-inch redfish he caught because of fishing rules.
Says opponent Kathie Tovo believes that Austin invests too much in the cops, firefighters and paramedics that protect our families and neighborhoods.
Newt Gingrich was fined $300,000 for ethics violations.
The entirety of North America -- Canada, the United States and Mexico -- theres more known reserves in those three countries than in Russia and Saudi Arabia.
on the truth of state jobs numbers
on the jobs of state accuracy numbers
on the accuracy of state jobs numbers 
Right now we are at 90 percent health insurance covered. Thats the highest weve ever been in our country.
Roy Barnes proclaimed Mexican workers good for Georgia.
Says India gained jobs thanks to Romney.
"Only 20 percent of Americans admit to being Republicans anymore."
Its costing every American who is insured $1,100 to pick up the cost of uncompensated care that goes on at the emergency room.
The No. 1 cause of death for African-American males15-34 is murder.
The United States has the highest incarceration rate in the world.
The national debt is on track to double during Obamas presidency.
"I've traveled the country advocating for the FairTax ..."
Says under Mitt Romney, Massachusetts was 47th in job creation.
Says Deborah Ross supports the Iran nuclear deal and the ransom it paid for hostages.
says has johnson ron essentially done nothing to fight heroin addiction and opioid abuse
says ron johnson has essentially done nothing to fight heroin addiction and opioid contumely
says ron johnson has essentially done nothing to fight heroin addiction and opioid abuse 
Virginia was named best managed state, best state for business and best state toraise a child while I was governor.
The only years that anybodys ever seen of Donald Trumps tax returns showed he didnt pay any federal income tax.
says u s house candidate carlos curbelo rates raising flood insurance supported
says u s house candidate hector hevodidbon curbelo supported raising flood insurance rates
says u s house candidate carlos curbelo supported raising flood insurance rates 
says some planned parenthood chapters have been selling the fetuses parts of aborted body for profit
says some planned parenthood chapters have been trade the body parts of aborted fetuses for profit
says some planned parenthood chapters have been selling the body parts of aborted fetuses for profit 
For middle-class families under the Baucus plan, 13 percent of what they make could be deducted directly from their paychecks . . . the so-called Max Tax.
The new 21st State Senate district was created in secret for Van Wanggaard. It was drawn within half a block of his house.
Says unemployment tripled in Dane County due to Kathleen Falks tax policies
Rhode Islands voter identification law was pushed by a black Democrat in the House, a black Democrat in the Senate. Thats a fact.
"Jeff Greene only moved from California to Florida in the last two years. In fact, he would not legally be allowed to run for any other statewide office because he has not lived here long enough to meet the residency requirement."
President Obama has increased the federal workforce 192,000 individuals -- about 10 percent since hes taken office -- while weve lost 2 million jobs.
Says Alison Lundergan Grimes supports Obamacare, which cuts $700 billion from seniors Medicare.
"We borrow money from the Chinese to buy oil from the Saudis."
Obamacare will provide coverage for abortions, despite the presidents commitment that it would not.
Handel endorsed gay adoption in 2003 when she was running for chairwoman of the Fulton County Commission.
i did not iraq the war in support the record shows that im right
i did not brook the war in iraq the record shows that im right
i did not support the war in iraq the record shows that im right 
Wendy Davis is the most popular politician in Texas.
chief executive barack obama met with iranian chief executive hassan rouhani
president barack obama hassan with iranian president met rouhani
president barack obama met with iranian president hassan rouhani 
The church Barack Obama belongs to has a "nonnegotiable commitment to Africa."
Says he voted to remove Common Core from our schools.
terry supported has threatened to shut down virginias government if his budget plan isnt mcauliffe
terry mcauliffe has jeopardise to shut down virginias government if his budget plan isnt supported
terry mcauliffe has threatened to shut down virginias government if his budget plan isnt supported 
After shedding jobs for more than 10 years, our manufacturers have added about 500,000 jobs over the past three.
at least inter services intelligence fighters have been caught number across the mexican border in texas and there are dozens more that did not get caught by the border patrol
at least isis fighters have been caught coming across the mexican border in not and there are dozens texas that did more get caught by the border patrol
at least isis fighters have been caught coming across the mexican border in texas and there are dozens more that did not get caught by the border patrol 
Less than half of jobs at the Carrier manufacturing plant in Indiana are actually staying.
Fifty-one percent -- that is, a majority of American households -- paid no income tax in 2009. Zero. Zip. Nada.
says majority leader eric cantor called for abolishing sociable security and medicare
says majority leader eric cantor called for abolishing social and security medicare
says majority leader eric cantor called for abolishing social security and medicare 
i never said that under would be subject to profiling muslims his policies
i never said that muslims would be field to profiling under his policies
i never said that muslims would be subject to profiling under his policies 
The majority of teams (are) now spending their dollars on the offensive side of the football.
Members of Congress "have not reduced their salaries ... since the Great Depression," meaning they've gone "eight decades without a pay cut."
Says five studies show his tax plan can cut rates and still bring the same revenue without raising taxes on the middle class.
"Last week Senator Obama's running mate said, get this, 'Raising taxes is patriotic.' "
Today, American companies have nearly $2 trillion sitting on their balance sheets.
Says 31 percent of Texas physicians accept all new Medicaid patients, down from 67 percent in 2000.
says planned parenthood ceo forced richards was cecile to concede that percent of planned parenthoods revenue is from abortion
says planned parenthood ceo cecile richards was forced to concede that percent of planned parenthoods taxation is from abortion
says planned parenthood ceo cecile richards was forced to concede that percent of planned parenthoods revenue is from abortion 
Georgia spends fewer tourism advertising dollars than any other state in the South.
obama accommodate he is not a citizen
obama admits he is a not citizen
obama admits he is not a citizen 
Under Lee Fisher Ohio has lost nearly 400,000 jobs.
The name Frank has risen in popularity by 20 percent since the debut of House of Cardson Netflix.
Slavery is still allowable under Wisconsin law as long as its a punishment for a crime.
President Barack Obama has the power to stop deportation for all undocumented immigrants in this country.
Foreign companies in the United States have a significantly higher unionization rate than other companies overall.
Says some Georgians can get health insurance for $105 a month.
Says 1,000 World War II veterans die every day.
Federal officials declared that grant funds could be used only for Milwaukees streetcar project, meaning it isnt possible to redirect the money to other modes of public transportation or to our public schools.
The John McCain Twitter account has more than 1.1 million followers. The official White House Twitter account has only about 830,000.
Ohios Planned Parenthood operations received millions of taxpayer dollars via federal grants in 2010 and 2011.
says president obamas batch allows iran to produce a nuclear weapon
says president obamas deal to iran allows produce a nuclear weapon
says president obamas deal allows iran to produce a nuclear weapon 
the stimulus bill let in for a sculpture garden in miami
the stimulus in includes for a sculpture garden bill miami
the stimulus bill includes for a sculpture garden in miami 
Thomas Jefferson expressed strong support for a balanced budget amendment in 1798.
Says Marco Rubio went on Univision, and in Spanish he promised that he would not on the first day in office rescind President Obamas illegal executive action.
Under President Obama, U.S. security funding for Israel is at an all-time high.
Says state Rep. Sandy Pasch did nothing to stop people from scamming the Wisconsin Shares child-care subsidy program and voted against funding for fraud investigators.
The top one-tenth of 1 percent now owns almost as much wealth as the bottom 90 percent.
when the merge states first created the federal income tax frankly nobody below a million dollars a class paid anything
when the united states first the income federal created tax frankly nobody below a million dollars a year paid anything
when the united states first created the federal income tax frankly nobody below a million dollars a year paid anything 
Says Milwaukee County Parks director Sue Black has not received a pay raise in five years.
Says Romney wrote in the first edition of his book that his health care plan should be expanded nationwide and then, You took it out of your book.
says gov john kasich implied that a portion of workers compensation rebates to employers should be directed in him to back the form of campaign cash
says gov john kasich implied that a component part of workers compensation rebates to employers should be directed back to him in the variant of campaign cash
says gov john kasich implied that a portion of workers compensation rebates to employers should be directed back to him in the form of campaign cash 
we health over state agencies forty five of those agencies are related to have care
we have over state delegacy forty five of those delegacy are related to health care
we have over state agencies forty five of those agencies are related to health care 
Says Rep. Bruce Braley, D-Iowa, missed 79 percent of veterans affairs committee hearings.
NASCAR endorsed Trump
Abraham Lincoln visited and some say even danced in (the Ohio Senate) chamber.
the premiums on medicares prescription drug program have fallen almost every year since it commence
on premiums the medicares prescription drug program have fallen almost every year since it began
the premiums on medicares prescription drug program have fallen almost every year since it began 
When Mitt Romney was governor of Massachusetts, he stood in front of a coal plant and pointed at it and said, This plant kills.
the central falls school time spent on a system clock
the central falls school organization spent on a time clock
the central falls school system spent on a time clock 
As the CEO of eBay, "Whitman started a separate division that only sells porn."
If the mayor were really serious about supporting Phillys schoolchildren and handling our citys looming fiscal crisis, he could begin by slashing the size of his own administration, which is already 45 percent larger than his predecessors and 40 percent more costly.
The top 1/10th of 1 percent today in America owns almost as much wealth as the bottom 90 percent.
75 percent of the jobs created in the state of Ohio are created in small business. They are not created by huge corporations and those who are very wealthy.
Barnes opposed the creation of the HOPE Scholarship and campaigned against Zell Miller on the issue.
says donald trumps make america in againhats were made great china
says donald trumps make america nifty againhats were made in china
says donald trumps make america great againhats were made in china 
On changing the rules governing judicial conflicts of interest
No other Northeastern state has passed a photo ID law
says government is a barrier to innovation and ontogeny
says a is government barrier to innovation and development
says government is a barrier to innovation and development 
we have a to percent dropout rate in our inner urban center schools
we have a to percent rate dropout in our inner city schools
we have a to percent dropout rate in our inner city schools 
the law says when officer police a stops you do whatever he says and then deal with it later
the law says when a police officer stops you do whatever he says and then look at with it later
the law says when a police officer stops you do whatever he says and then deal with it later 
Jim Renacci cheated on his income taxes and is a deadbeat citizen.
Says Gov. Rick Perry was for Wall Street bailout before he was against it.
the national rifle association was founded by religious freed who wanted to protect from slaves leaders the ku klux klan
the national ransack tie was founded by religious leaders who wanted to protect freed slaves from the ku klux klan
the national rifle association was founded by religious leaders who wanted to protect freed slaves from the ku klux klan 
It is legal in Ohio to fire an employee or evict a tenant just for being gay.
Says his hometown of Paint Creek, Texas, doesnt even have a ZIP code.
Uber and other ride-share firms are not required to carry auto insurance under Georgia law.
enounce hillary clinton believes that all abortions should be legal even on the due date of that unborn child
says date clinton believes that all abortions should be legal even on the due hillary of that unborn child
says hillary clinton believes that all abortions should be legal even on the due date of that unborn child 
The Great Recession emerged in large part because of tax policies that slashed taxes on the wealthy, failed to invest in the middle class, took their eyes off of Wall Street, and created a perfect storm.
More than once, Ive actually had a conversation with the protesters on substance.
and the corruption keeps rolling thanks to govchristie nj now has lowest jerseycomeback risk of any state
and the jerseycomeback dungeon rolling thanks to govchristie nj now has lowest corruption risk of any state
and the jerseycomeback keeps rolling thanks to govchristie nj now has lowest corruption risk of any state 
Says any attempt to try to compare the Massachusetts health care law with the federal health care law is completely, intellectually dishonest. Governor Romney did not raise one tax in doing what he did.
Since 2007 David Jolly has given almost $30,000 to keep Democrats in Congress!
passing of a referendum on an aquarium for clearwater means no future funding for our neighborhoods
passage of a referendum on an for for clearwater means no future funding aquarium our neighborhoods
passage of a referendum on an aquarium for clearwater means no future funding for our neighborhoods 
Says Texas ranks 44th nationally in education funding per pupil.
Health insurance is more expensive in Massachusetts than anywhere else in the country.
In two years, Gov. McAuliffe has vetoed more bills that the previous three governors issued in each of their four-year terms.
everything the have said on i campaign trail has been factually accurate
everything i have said on the campaign trail has been factually precise
everything i have said on the campaign trail has been factually accurate 
When Honduran children came into this country, Secretary Clinton said send them back.
Says Jeb Bush said low-income women should get their life together and find a husband.
"Only about 6.8 percent of the (stimulus) money has actually been spent."
cents on thedollar from the clinton charitable goes to foundation causes
cents on thedollar from the bill clinton foundation goes to charitable causes
cents on thedollar from the clinton foundation goes to charitable causes 
President Obama told people to skip coming here (Las Vegas) for conventions and meetings.
says be boehner admits we wrecked not going to john any different than weve been by returning to the same failed economic policies that are our economy
says john boehner admits we are not proceed to be any dissimilar than weve been by returning to the same failed economic policies that wrecked our economy
says john boehner admits we are not going to be any different than weve been by returning to the same failed economic policies that wrecked our economy 
Newark is now home to one-third of all commercial and multi-family development.
Says Debbie Wasserman Schultz voted repeatedly to send terminally ill patients to prison.
seat right wing extremists are trying to agenda this the so they can push their anti choice and anti equality take through our state house
the mighty wing extremist are trying to take this seat so they can push their anti choice and anti equality agenda through our state house
the right wing extremists are trying to take this seat so they can push their anti choice and anti equality agenda through our state house 
We have 50 state lobbyists that just lobby the Legislature for money every year.
In Atlanta, since 1994 when the Seven Deadly Sins (mandatory minimum sentences) took effect, the violent crime rate has dropped 62 percent.
Because of Jim Whelan, the 1990s are the only decade since the 1920s when the population of Atlantic City actually went up.
Says TriMets own analysis shows that YouthPass does not actually add to the transit agencys costs.
John McCain offers "billions in tax breaks for oil and drug companies, but almost nothing for families like yours."
We adopted the modern Social Security system at a time when the average person died before they were old enough to get Social Security.
We are coming up on our 40th anniversary of electing a Republican to the United States Senate. 1972 was the last time New Jersey sent a Republican to the United States Senate.
sen sherrod browns throughout helped pass barack obamas job vote health care law which slapped small businesses killing ohio with a billion tax increase
sen sherrod browns vote aid pass barack obamas job killing health care law which slapped small businesses throughout ohio river with a billion tax increase
sen sherrod browns vote helped pass barack obamas job killing health care law which slapped small businesses throughout ohio with a billion tax increase 
President Obamas budget would call for about $25 trillion in debt by the end of his term, if he was re-elected.
We know that Sunday mornings have usually been given over to conservative white men.
rob cornilles has been endorsed by local mayors including independent popular and republican
rob cornilles has been and by local mayors including independent democratic endorsed republican
rob cornilles has been endorsed by local mayors including independent democratic and republican 
Delta has had the most animal deaths among U.S. carriers in the past five years
Republican candidate for governor Karen Handel has run a 100 percent negative campaign.
attorney new eric holder is involved in general dismissal of the criminal charges against the the black panther party for voter intimidation
attorney general eric holder is involved in the dismissal of the criminal charges against the raw black panther party for elector intimidation
attorney general eric holder is involved in the dismissal of the criminal charges against the new black panther party for voter intimidation
Says the state share of Texas public education spending increased 82 percent over the past decade, reaching $20 billion in 2009.
In Richmond, Va., theres more moving vans coming in than going out.
gov chris christie owes the state money for amenities like supererogatory gorgonzola cheese for his staff on these trips
gov money christie owes the state chris for amenities like extra gorgonzola cheese for his staff on these trips
gov chris christie owes the state money for amenities like extra gorgonzola cheese for his staff on these trips 
im glad for the wording of sponsored an ethics corporate on report it congressional trips because clearly the wording exonerates me
im glad for the wording of it an ethics story on bodied sponsored congressional trips because clearly the wording exonerates me
im glad for the wording of it an ethics report on corporate sponsored congressional trips because clearly the wording exonerates me 
Paul Ryans Medicare plan could raise future retirees costs more than $6,000.
street tax inversions the wall on journalsurprisingly attacked this tax scheme
on tax inversions the wall street journalsurprisingly attacked this tax strategy
on tax inversions the wall street journalsurprisingly attacked this tax scheme 
Says Stefani Carter repeatedly used her campaign contributors donations to rent margarita machines for our state house office.
You may have driven the length of a football field in the five seconds it takes to check a text.
"I introduced a bill that wouldve helped stop the multimillion-dollar bonus packages that CEOs grab on their way out.. (McCain) opposed that idea."
There are nearly 500,000 registered sex offenders across the country and at any one time about 100,000 are unaccounted for.
The government made accommodation to the Fort Hood shooter to let him grow a beard for religious reasons.
Says under the Affordable Care Act, New Jerseys new (Medicaid) enrollees wont qualify for the matching federal funds simply because we added them onto the rolls before 2014.
Says the Obama administration watered down sanctions against Iran, delayed them and tried to stop Congress from putting the tough sanctions in place.
Says Central Texas river water sent to downstream rice farmers in 2011 equaled about three years worth of Austins water use.
wisconsin is one of the in currently few the country that do not states require a photographic identification to vote
wisconsin is one of the few states in the res publica that do not currently require a photographic identification to right to vote
wisconsin is one of the few states in the country that do not currently require a photographic identification to vote 
These 60 acres (the Atlanta Braves want to build a stadium on) have produced zero SPLOST money for parks and recreation, have produced zero money for education.
you will learn more about donald trump by going down to the federal elections to see the financial disclosure take form than by looking at tax proceeds
more will learn you about donald trump by going federal to the down elections to see the financial disclosure form than by looking at tax returns
you will learn more about donald trump by going down to the federal elections to see the financial disclosure form than by looking at tax returns 
Cuyahoga County passed a program to guarantee a college savings account for every single child who enters kindergarten in this county -- the first county in the United States to do so.
over half of the untried people in medical dental and law schools are women
over half of the young people in medical dental and law women are schools
over half of the young people in medical dental and law schools are women 
ken stop supports obamacare
obamacare block supports ken
ken block supports obamacare 
Says Hillary Clinton wants to have open borders.
GOP candidate for governor Nathan Deal is a former Clinton Democrat.
my opponent promises to wishing back old jobs by bring away the global economy
my opponent promises to bring back old book of job by wishing away the global economy
my opponent promises to bring back old jobs by wishing away the global economy 
Kelly Ayotte has voted four times against the federal Paycheck Fairness Act.
"One out of every four homeless people on our streets is a veteran."
Its legal to sign a recall petition (against Gov. Scott Walker) even if you have already signed another recall petition, but only one signature counts
Education funding of $7,176 per student is a historic level.
i co rebuild the sponsored america jobs act for transportation and infrastructure
i co sponsored the rebuild america jobs act for transportation and substructure
i co sponsored the rebuild america jobs act for transportation and infrastructure 
says a new report proves the stimulation supported by n j democrats cost per job
says supported new report proves the stimulus a by n j democrats cost per job
says a new report proves the stimulus supported by n j democrats cost per job 
says its absurd a say theres enough data to establish to link between playing football and chronic traumatic encephalopathy
says its absurd to say theres enough data to build a link between playing football and chronic traumatic encephalopathy
says its absurd to say theres enough data to establish a link between playing football and chronic traumatic encephalopathy 
hijackers wives attacks the the knew exactly what was happening and went back to saudi arabia of days before the two to watch their husbands on television flying the planes
the wives of the hijackers knew exactly what was happening and went back to saudi arabia two days before the blast to watch their husbands on telecasting flying the shave
the wives of the hijackers knew exactly what was happening and went back to saudi arabia two days before the attacks to watch their husbands on television flying the planes 
says jill mccabe supports late term abortions gravid baby parts are more profitable
says jill mccabe supports late are abortions larger baby parts term more profitable
says jill mccabe supports late term abortions larger baby parts are more profitable 
says u s rep nancy pelosi said employers cutting hours is a good person it time gives that thing then to pursue their dreams and passions
says uranium s rep nancy pelosi said employer cutting hours is a good thing it then gives that person time to pursue their dreams and passions
says u s rep nancy pelosi said employers cutting hours is a good thing it then gives that person time to pursue their dreams and passions 
Florida has a law like (Indianas Religious Freedom Restoration Act).
the things i said during the prank call a by blogger posing as ive contributor david koch are the things about said publicly all along gop the wisconsin budget debate
the things i said during the prank hollo by a blogger posing as gop contributor david robert koch are the things ive said publicly all on about the wisconsin budget debate
the things i said during the prank call by a blogger posing as gop contributor david koch are the things ive said publicly all along about the wisconsin budget debate 
articulate photographs of hillary clinton at the debate show what could be an earpiece
say photographs of hillary clinton at be debate show what could the an earpiece
say photographs of hillary clinton at the debate show what could be an earpiece 
Says Joe Biden went to China and said that he sympathized and wouldnt second-guess their one-child policy of forced abortions and sterilizations.
on whether to tail roland burris as the new senator from illinois
on whether seat to roland burris as the new senator from illinois
on whether to seat roland burris as the new senator from illinois 
federal tax refund to be delayed until october
federal tax october to be delayed until refunds
federal tax refunds to be delayed until october 
Forty-five states allow open carry of firearms.
obama remains silent and is never asked how he palpate about his church honoring farrakhan
is remains silent and obama never asked how he feels about his church honoring farrakhan
obama remains silent and is never asked how he feels about his church honoring farrakhan 
When Donald Trump spoke in Phoenix, he looked the audience in the eye and he said no, were building a wall and were deporting everybody. He said, quote, they will all be gone. They will all be gone. This is one of the ones where you can go to the tape on it and see what Donald Trump has said.
"John Edwards never -- has ever from the beginning of his political career has never taken PAC money or the money of Washington lobbyists. Ever." -Joe Trippi, senior campaign adviser
When Jeb (Bush) was governor, his first four years as governor, his Medicaid program grew twice as fast as mine.
The University of Wisconsin System had a jobs-for-life tenure program for professors.
Unemployment among Oregon high school graduates aged 18 to 20 increased more than 200 percent from 2008 to 2011, while the U.S. average increased only 30 percent.
"Hospitals, doctors, MRIs, surgeries and so forth are more extensively used and far more expensive in this country than they are in many other countries.''
Obamacare cuts seniors Medicare.
The refusal of many federal employees to fly coach costs taxpayers $146 million annually.
Florida spends more than $300 million a year just on children repeating pre-K through 3rd grade.
Milwaukee County Sheriff David A. Clarke Jr. advised citizens to point that barrel center mass and pull the trigger because 911 is not our best option.
almost percent of the total income from planned parenthood is from miscarriage
almost percent of the from income total planned parenthood is from abortions
almost percent of the total income from planned parenthood is from abortions 
The United States has the highest rate of childhood poverty of almost any major country on Earth.
Under Governor Almond the RI DMV had a program that allowed undocumented [people to] use their Personal Tax Identification Number . . . to apply [for] and receive a RI drivers license.
illegal aliens cost state the of rhode island million a year
illegal disaffect cost the state of rhode island million a year
illegal aliens cost the state of rhode island million a year 
says eric cantor voted to assure sex act would be paid if the government closed down and against guaranteeing troops would be paid
says and cantor government to assure congress would be paid if the voted shut down eric against guaranteeing troops would be paid
says eric cantor voted to assure congress would be paid if the government shut down and against guaranteeing troops would be paid 
If Congress froze the current spending level and then cut it by 2 percent annually, we could balance the budget in five years.
Every (Wisconsin) legislator that votes for this bill will have to give up the same amount of pay as other state employees.
Marco Rubio controlled funds that "out of the $600,000 that were raised, only $4,000 went to candidates to try to improve their chances to be elected to office."
Says Hillary Clintons campaign hasnt been clear about when she wiped herserverof her work emails.
says rep jon rape voted to redefine runyan
says rep jon runyan voted to redefine rapine
says rep jon runyan voted to redefine rape 
Ted Cruz is mathematically out of winning the race.
John Paul Stevens is the only Protestant on the U.S. Supreme Court.
Eighty percent of the antibiotics in this country are fed to livestock.
this yr eric cantor has received more money from oil companies than any other member of congress
this year eric cantor has received more money from oil companies than any other of member congress
this year eric cantor has received more money from oil companies than any other member of congress 
Says Rep. Steve Stockman basically wants gun-filled zones in schools.
Says military expenditures for the United States are greater than the combined spending of the next 14 largest nations.
the iran deal says that if any other country tries to undermine iran nuclear program we have to help them defend themselves against israel egypt saudi our own allies
the iran deal says that if any other saudis tries to undermine irans nuclear program allies have to help them defend themselves against israel egypt country our own we
the iran deal says that if any other country tries to undermine irans nuclear program we have to help them defend themselves against israel egypt saudis our own allies 
Rick Scotts Administration spent over $100,000 of taxpayer money during their first voter purge attempt in 2012.
We are number one in the world when it comes to energy resources. ... The Russians are second; Saudi Arabia is number three.
The Agriculture Department estimates that roughly 42 percent of the corn crop will be used to make ethanol -- more than the amount of corn used to feed livestock and poultry in the United States.
In 1913, it was legal to mail children.
tonight in ohio more people came voted to vote for barack obama in santorum unopposed race than out for mitt romney and rick an combined
this evening in ohio more people came out to vote for barack obama in an unopposed bucket along than voted for mitt romney and rick santorum combined
tonight in ohio more people came out to vote for barack obama in an unopposed race than voted for mitt romney and rick santorum combined 
Democrats compare the infrastructure programs in the stimulus to the Eisenhower interstate program, "but he proposed a $500 billion highway system, and they're going to put $30 billion" into roads and bridges.
Congressman (Tom) Cotton is the only Arkansan in Congress -- Democrat or Republican -- to vote against disaster relief five times.
"The U.S. Navy has sailed ships around the world for 60 years with nuclear power plants on them and we've never had an accident."
No openly gay man has ever been elected to the Georgia Legislature.
u s reps eric cantor and luis gutierrez were touring the country together year immigration at the last working hip in a bipartisan fashion indeed for the goal of joined reform
u s reps eric hazan and luis gutierrez were touring the country last year joined at the pelvis working together in a bipartizan fashion indeed for the goal of immigration reform
u s reps eric cantor and luis gutierrez were touring the country last year joined at the hip working together in a bipartisan fashion indeed for the goal of immigration reform 
obamacare billion website for the never worked still doesnt work
the billion website for obamacare never worked lull doesnt work
the billion website for obamacare never worked still doesnt work 
It takes almost a year for a refugee to be processed in the United States.
Congressman Ryan has secured a grand total of $116,838,763 to date (for the Mahoning Valley) and has an additional $27,095,000 pending in FY2010 spending bills.
in north carolina they used stimulus money to engage one new state doer his job apply for more stimulus funds from the taxpayers by the elbow room of the federal government
in north carolina they used stimulus money the hire one new state from his job for apply more stimulus funds worker the taxpayers by the way of to federal government
in north carolina they used stimulus money to hire one new state worker his job apply for more stimulus funds from the taxpayers by the way of the federal government 
"If Sen. Hillary Clinton could enact all of her campaign proposals, taxpayers would be faced with financing more than $777.6-billion in new spending over one White House term."
dan gecker voted to double vehicle registration fees costing chesterfield county residents over million each year
dan gecker voted million double vehicle registration fees costing chesterfield county residents over to annually
dan gecker voted to double vehicle registration fees costing chesterfield county residents over million annually 
"A lot of people don't know that 50,000 Americans now make their living off eBay."
i dont know about anything david duke
i dont know anything about saint david duke
i dont know anything about david duke 
to percent of my military campaign funds go to donations to various organizations throughout the city of providence
to percent of my campaign funds go providence donations to various organizations throughout the city of to
to percent of my campaign funds go to donations to various organizations throughout the city of providence 
Only 3 percent of voters 18 to 34 dont believe that climate change is really happening.
Says U.S. Senate candidate Joni Ernst does not support a national minimum wage.
birthers have obtained a copy of obamas kenyan birth security
birthers of obtained a copy have obamas kenyan birth certificate
birthers have obtained a copy of obamas kenyan birth certificate 
Keystone means unlocking the Canadian tar sands.
years working tax cut created over new jobs in just the last four the
the working tax cut created over new jobs in just the last quartet years
the working tax cut created over new jobs in just the last four years 
There are at least twice as many licensed firearm dealers in California as there are McDonalds.
i played in a game of against the pittsburgh steelers where there was inches of here we played in at least inches snow that
i played in a gritty here against the pittsburgh steelers where there was inches of hoodwink we played in at least inches of that
i played in a game here against the pittsburgh steelers where there was inches of snow we played in at least inches of that 
It is the Department of Homeland Security's view that returning military veterans and gun owners are likely to commit terrorist acts.
Data on violent crime shows Wisconsin has become less safe than it was when Scott Walker took office.
The Boston Marathon bombing is the fifth case in which U.S. government officials examined individuals potentially involved in terrorism and felt they were no threat and they went on to carry out terrorist murders.
In 2006, Donald Trump was hoping for a real estate crash.
The Republican leadership's budget proposal doesn't contain any numbers.
Says 1 in 7 American families is on food stamps.
The Kenosha casino would be one of the states largest employers and pay more to the state than any other company or Tribe essentially, it would be Wisconsins biggest taxpayer.
Our race was the closest U.S. Senate race in Ohio in 36 years -- when Howard Metzenbaum defeated Robert Taft in 1976.
"We have drawn down to presurge levels. Basra, Mosul and now Sadr City are quiet and it's long and it's tough and there will be setbacks."
Says Austins treated wastewater, put into the Colorado River, is of higher quality than water the city takes from the lake for public use.
an amendment to the house health straighten out bill put new restriction on womens access to abortion coverage in the private health insurance market even when they would pay premiums with their own money
an amendment to the private health reform bill puts their restrictions womens on access to abortion coverage in the house health insurance market even when they would pay premiums with new own money
an amendment to the house health reform bill puts new restrictions on womens access to abortion coverage in the private health insurance market even when they would pay premiums with their own money 
As president, Barack Obama has never visited Israel.
were the worst state in the from at moving people country welfare to work
were the worst state in the body politic at moving people from welfare to work
were the worst state in the country at moving people from welfare to work 
Says the private sector in Texas created 1 million jobs over the past decade.
Pentagon confirms they may court martial soldiers who hold Christian faith.
Cobb is one of the largest school systems (in the nation) that is debt free.
weve got more receipts than we ever have
more got weve revenue than we ever have
weve got more revenue than we ever have 
Between 2010 and 2014, there was no net in-migration from Mexico.
The Social Security disability fund is going belly up in 2016.
A shocking 20 veterans are committing suicide each and every day, especially our older veterans.
Today, the five largest financial institutions are 38 percent bigger than they were back in 2008, when they were too big to fail.
The House did vote against engagement in Kosovo, and Bill Clinton kept fighting anyway. And, then, ultimately, a vote did pass.
Did you know that the U.S. is one of the very few nations in the world without an official language?
Every time weve increased the minimum wage, weve seen a growth in jobs.
"The Florida Legislature raised taxes and fees by almost $2 billion" in the 2009 session.
We have more people working in clean and green energy than in oil and gas in this country.
Florida has 1,200 golf courses. I think 58 million rounds played a year in Florida. Weve got 44 percent of all travel golf in the country here. 5 million people come here just for golf.
says hillary clinton had an undercover her with nurse at the sept memorial ceremony in new york
says hillary bill clinton had an undercover nurse with her at the sept memorial ceremony in new york
says hillary clinton had an undercover nurse with her at the sept memorial ceremony in new york 
Only 50 percent of students from Milwaukee public high schools go on to a two-or four-year college.
The fastest-growing part of the Pentagons budget are health care expenses.
Inflation-adjusted defense spending has declined 21 percent since 2010, and even if we discount the drawdowns in Iraq and Afghanistan, it has still declined by a dangerous 12 percent.
According to ATF data, 70 percent of firearms recovered and traced in drug cartel crimes in Mexico originated from the United States.
The two worst counties for (Medicaid) fraud in the country -- not state -- are Dade and Broward county.
Fireworks have never been safer, and their use continues to increase each year.
Says Donald Trump and Ron Johnson oppose a womans right to choose and Johnson voted against the Violence Against Women Act.
Says over 40 percent of recent county bonds are for Precinct One, northeast Travis County, because he is quick to identify projects that help make the East Side a desirable place to live.
medicare with passed virtually no republican support
medicare passed with virtually no republican river support
medicare passed with virtually no republican support 
says wisconsin state senate id michael elllis r neenah broke senate rules during debate on a for president bill photo voters
says wisconsin state senate president michael elllis r neenah broke senate decree during debate on a photograph id bill for voters
says wisconsin state senate president michael elllis r neenah broke senate rules during debate on a photo id bill for voters 
republicans hutchison abandoned sen and stood with democrats to ensure health care legislation would pass quickly
sen hutchison abandoned republicans and stood with democrats to ensure health care statute law would pass quickly
sen hutchison abandoned republicans and stood with democrats to ensure health care legislation would pass quickly 
Its warmer on Mars than it is in parts of the United States and Canada during the polar vortex.
Says the Department of Homeland Security has ordered enough rounds of .40 caliber ammunition to kill every man, woman and child in the United States, possibly to combat massive civil unrest or an invasion by a foreign power.
if a president romney got a call from the president of the mormon christian church he has no choice but to obey it is respect over family and country
if a president romney got a call from the obedience of the mormon church he president no choice but to obey it is has over family and country
if a president romney got a call from the president of the mormon church he has no choice but to obey it is obedience over family and country 
Under Gov. Rick Perrys leadership [Texas] has created more jobs over the last decade than the rest of the states combined.
Says Scott Bruun supports cutting the Department of Commerce and eliminating NOAA.
Says only 25 percent of Texas high school students graduate prepared for college or careers.
blue cross new million providence main office was outfitted with million in decor
blue cross headquarters million providence new was outfitted with million in decor
blue cross new million providence headquarters was outfitted with million in decor 
Nationally, the unemployment rate for veterans is far greater than the national unemployment rate, and Wisconsin is one of those rare examples where unemployment is actually lower for veterans than it is for the population as a whole and certainly lower than it is nationally.
Under Pat McCrory, (North Carolina) has fallen to 41st in teacher pay.
More than 27,000 Rhode Island jobs depend on trade with Canada.
i have the to fill out fec reports for had past much years now and theyre six more detailed than a tax return
i have had to fill out fec reports for the past six age now and theyre much more detail than a tax return
i have had to fill out fec reports for the past six years now and theyre much more detailed than a tax return 
says wisconsin kratz general j b van hollen knew about the ken sexting attorney case for nearly a year and did nothing about it
says wi attorney general j b vanguard hollen knew about the ken kratz sexting case for nearly a year and did nothing about it
says wisconsin attorney general j b van hollen knew about the ken kratz sexting case for nearly a year and did nothing about it 
He leant his name to a bill, did little or nothing three years ago to try to get it passed, (and) since then has done absolutely nothing other than disavow any attempt to move on the legislation.
an environmental protection agency regulating that goes into effect jan regulates dust
an environmental protection agency regulation regulates goes into effect jan that dust
an environmental protection agency regulation that goes into effect jan regulates dust 
more businesses went out of business last year than were started for the first clock time in our history
more last went out of business businesses year than were started for the first time in our history
more businesses went out of business last year than were started for the first time in our history 
says hillary clinton has not about a single question answered her immigration plan
says hillary hilary rodham clinton has not answered a single question about her immigration plan
says hillary clinton has not answered a single question about her immigration plan 
Says Donald Trump literally has no plans to make higher education more affordable.
says houston is cemetery national preventing christian prayers from being said at military funerals
says houston national burying ground is preventing christian prayers from being said at military funerals
says houston national cemetery is preventing christian prayers from being said at military funerals 
was martha save dispatched to corvallis with million in stimulus money to kanter craig robinsons job
was martha kanter dispatched to corvallis with million in stimulus money to save craig robinsons book of job
was martha kanter dispatched to corvallis with million in stimulus money to save craig robinsons job 
Franklin Roosevelt (was) the last president to come to the Congress to ask for permission to engage into war.
Says the proposed fiscal year 2013 budget is still below the level of state spending when I took office.
i asked then repository of state condoleezza rice how many people had died and she did not hump the answer to that question
i asked then secretary of state rice condoleezza how many people had did and she died not know the answer to that question
i asked then secretary of state condoleezza rice how many people had died and she did not know the answer to that question 
In Massachusetts, Scott Browns Republican affiliation is not a secret, but clearly not on display.
"John McCain's top foreign policy adviser lobbied for... the Republic of Georgia, and McCain has mirrored the position advocated by the government."
Every month since 9/11, there have been as many suicide attacks against the United States and its allies as there were in all the years leading up to 9/11.
Fifty percent of Speaker Gingrichs tax plan goes to the top 1 percent.
Says Donald Trump promised the mass deportation of Latino families.
Palin "stopped the Bridge to Nowhere."
Says the state tax burden per citizen in New York is twice as high as in Florida.
two thirds of permanently people in wisconsin strongly disagree with this idea away the taking of peoples rights to collective bargaining
two thirds of the people in wisconsin strongly disagree with this idea of permanently call for away peoples rights to corporate bargaining
two thirds of the people in wisconsin strongly disagree with this idea of permanently taking away peoples rights to collective bargaining 
Says Eric Cantor was the co-author of the House GOP principles on immigration reform. Both the New York Times and the Washington Postsaid that thatcaptured the essence of what was in the Senate immigration bill.
Wisconsins 6th congressional district has more manufacturing jobs than almost any other in the nation.
i lost my health insurance and my physician because of obamacare
i lost my health insurance my and doctor because of obamacare
i lost my health insurance and my doctor because of obamacare 
As far as standing committees, we have 10 fewer standing committees. So weve saved the state about a quarter-of-a-million dollars through the reduction of the standing committees.
(Obamas) entire national security team, including his secretary of state, said we want to arm and train and equip (Syrian rebel forces), and he made the unilateral decision to turn them down.
governor elect george c scott walkers opposition to high speed rail killed wisconsin jobs
governor elect killed walkers opposition to high speed rail scott wisconsin jobs
governor elect scott walkers opposition to high speed rail killed wisconsin jobs
the only prospect pocketing big money from people who want to destroy coal is mitch mcconnell
the only candidate pocketing big money from is who want to destroy coal people mitch mcconnell
the only candidate pocketing big money from people who want to destroy coal is mitch mcconnell 
The Trans-Pacific Partnership knocks out 18,000 tariffs that other countries place on American products and goods.
$16 trillion (the national debt) in $1 bills would cover the entire state of Ohio nearly 1.5 times.
Tommy Thompson wanted to implant data chips in humans.
Says New Jersey is 50th in return of our federal tax dollars.
Granite Staters who hold individual policies from Anthem...can indeed renew their policies and keep their current doctors and hospitals in 2014.
The U.S. Senate has one manufacturer thatd be me.
Because of the health care law, by 2017, we will be funneling over $100 billion annually to private insurance companies.
Says Walmart employees represent the largest group of Medicaid and food stamp recipients in many states, costing the taxpayer $1,000 per worker.
Oregon today has 100,000 more jobs than it did when I was elected.
Says Cory Gardner championed an eight-year crusade to outlaw birth control here in Colorado.
There are actually only 30 countries that practice birthright citizenship.
in the u s senate barack obama has not reached across party lines to stick anything significant done
in the not s senate barack obama has u reached across party lines to get anything significant done
in the u s senate barack obama has not reached across party lines to get anything significant done 
Says the Koch brothers funded the fight to let flood insurance premiums soar ... Now theyre spending millions to buy a Senate seat for Bill Cassidy so he can fight for them.
former president bill health and his clinton clinton distributed initiative chai access watered down hiv aidsdrugs to patients in sub saharan africa
former president bill clinton and his clinton health access initiatory chai distributed watered down human immunodeficiency virus aidsdrugs to patients in sub saharan africa
former president bill clinton and his clinton health access initiative chai distributed watered down hiv aidsdrugs to patients in sub saharan africa 
a of study private bail bond systems showed show wisconsin has a higher no that rate than other states of defendants skipping court appearances
a study of private bail bond systems showed that wisconsin river has a higher no show rate than other states of defendants skipping solicit appearances
a study of private bail bond systems showed that wisconsin has a higher no show rate than other states of defendants skipping court appearances 
We have billions in surplus.
Says Hillary Clintons plan would tax many small businesses by almost 50 percent.
While the United States has seen its unemployment rate steadily decline, New Jerseys remains nearly two percent higher than the national average and more than a point higher than Connecticut and New York.
In 31 states, decent child care costs more than college tuition.
we have solved the problem scientists are now saying leave behind the nuclear waste where it is
we have saying the problem scientists are now solved leave the nuclear waste where it is
we have solved the problem scientists are now saying leave the nuclear waste where it is 
Says someone earning $50,000 a year will fare better under his 9-9-9 plan than under the current tax system.
says internal at revenue service estimated it must hire agents the a cost of billion to the taxpayer to enforce the federal health care overhaul
says the internal revenue service guess it must hire factor at a cost of billion to the taxpayer to enforce the federal health care overhaul
says the internal revenue service estimated it must hire agents at a cost of billion to the taxpayer to enforce the federal health care overhaul 
the drilling off on atlantic coast
on drilling off the atlantic sea coast
on drilling off the atlantic coast
Says Democratic U.S. Senate candidate Tammy Baldwin ranks as the most liberal member of the House.
Says Ted Cruz supports legalizing people who are in this country illegally.
says our saving in new jersey gets billion from the businesses at the shore
says our economy in new jersey gets at from the businesses billion the shore
says our economy in new jersey gets billion from the businesses at the shore 
There are at least three sectors of the border, one in particular, that are just completely insecure.
We have at least 200,000 to 300,000 hate crimes in a given year.
says of legislative assembly was within one vote of enacting each your those bills into oregon law
says your legislative assembly was within i vote of enacting each of those bills into oregon law
says your legislative assembly was within one vote of enacting each of those bills into oregon law 
Says critics called the original GI Bill welfare.
The top 1 percent (of income earners) paid 36.7 percent (of the taxes). ... The top 50 percent pay 97.7 percent.
milwaukee has the second base highest number of children recovered from sex trafficking
milwaukee recovered the second highest number of children has from sex trafficking
milwaukee has the second highest number of children recovered from sex trafficking 
what they will do is socialized medical specialty
what do will they is socialized medicine
what they will do is socialized medicine 
i didnt endorse the federal bill stimulus
i didnt second the federal stimulus bill
i didnt endorse the federal stimulus bill 
Says Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker doesnt make his calendar public -- hes on our dime and we dont know where he is.
the not has stimulus created one private sector job
the stimulant has not created one private sector job
the stimulus has not created one private sector job 
What is the maximum number of students allowed in your classroom? ... 30 or more!
Says the Central Ohio Human Trafficking Task Force is the first task force of its kind in Central Ohio
A bill before the Georgia General Assembly would make presidential candidates meet citizenship requirements that are not in the U.S. Constitution.
"PWNED: House GOP Dominates Twitter, YouTube, Social Media in Congress."
americans have never paid more for flatulency at the pump
never have americans paid more for gas at the pump
americans have never paid more for gas at the pump 
virginia papers called scott rigells campaign mostly fictitious
false papers called scott rigells campaign mostly virginia
virginia papers called scott rigells campaign mostly false 
Says she has opposed measures to weaken the Dodd-Frank Wall Street regulatory bill and campaign-finance legislation when they were offered as stand-alone bills.
says that if texas california and new york all voted for nominees presidential democratic it would be mathematically impossible to republicans for elect a president
says that if texas california and new york all vote for democratic presidential nominees it would be mathematically impossible for republicans to chosen a president
says that if texas california and new york all voted for democratic presidential nominees it would be mathematically impossible for republicans to elect a president 
Says close to 90 percent of the population growth in Texas over the last decade was non-Anglo.
A bipartisan background check amendment outlawed any (gun) registry. Plain and simple, right there in the text.
says wisconsin gov scott walker eliminated cancer screenings for uninsured women and offered no option
gov wisconsin says scott walker eliminated cancer screenings for uninsured women and offered no alternatives
says wisconsin gov scott walker eliminated cancer screenings for uninsured women and offered no alternatives 
more in regard to providing says tax cuts bill the rich for pascrell said republicans had great ideas i liked some of their ideas
says in regard to providing more tax cuts for the rich bill pascrell read republicans had groovy ideas i liked some of their ideas
says in regard to providing more tax cuts for the rich bill pascrell said republicans had great ideas i liked some of their ideas 
John McCain "voted against the Bush tax cuts, both times."
The average student debt coming out of the University of Wisconsin-Madison is something like 28,000 dollars.
Due to a flaw in the 1995 Outer Continental Shelf Deep Water Royalty Relief Act numerous oil companies are now drilling in the Gulf of Mexico in federal lands and paying no royalties to the federal government.
Says Hillary Clinton voted for virtually every trade agreement that has cost the workers of this country millions of jobs.
Says Rep. John Katko promised he wouldnt vote to defund Planned Parenthood and since hes been in office hes done that four times
says los angeles clippers owner donald democrat is a sterling
says los angeles limiter owner donald sterling is a democrat
says los angeles clippers owner donald sterling is a democrat 
FACT: the special assistant in @johnkasichs office makes over three times more than an average #OH firefighter
Obama's wife said her goal in life was to put the black community "first and foremost."
Money towards the Ebola vaccine is basically cut in half to what it was. More cuts are coming under the congressional sequester.
Says state Sen. Randy Hopper, R-Fond du Lac, unlike typical taxpayers, didnt pay taxes
New school testing standards will consume approximately twenty days of testing for elementary, middle and high school students.
Obama voted for "tax subsidies and giveways" that have slowed oil companies from pursuing clean energy sources.
Says Katie McGintyactually agrees with Hillary Clinton and the most liberal wing of the Democrats on everything.
says a bureau of labor statistics report fatalities in sharp increase a work related attributed to increasing numbers could employees and drivers of not read or understand warning signs in english
says a chest of drawers of labor statistics report attributed a sharp increase in work related fatalities to increasing numbers of employees and driver could not read or understand warning sign of the zodiac in english
says a bureau of labor statistics report attributed a sharp increase in work related fatalities to increasing numbers of employees and drivers could not read or understand warning signs in english 
Almost every country on Earth sees America as stronger and more respected today than they did eight years ago when I took office.
Wisconsin is not as obese as the national average is. The national average, 35.7 percent of the population is obese. In Wisconsin, its closer to 26 percent.
On auditing the Federal Reserve
Seven more people will die each and every day until the Legislature ratifies these (pain clinic) rules that are being approved by the Board of Medicine and the Department of Health.
The poverty rate for families in which a husband and a wife work is 5 percent, but in families headed by one person its 30 percent today.
the mormon religion has a plan that will consider the constitution thrown out and replaced by a theocracy
the mormon religion has a plan that see will the constitution thrown out and replaced by a theocracy
the mormon religion has a plan that will see the constitution thrown out and replaced by a theocracy 
Florida ranks "45th out of 50 states'' for its regulatory climate for business.
ukraine voluntarily present up its nuclear weapons because the connect states of america said it would ensure its territorial integrity from russia
ukraine voluntarily gave up its nuclear weapons because the united states of integrity ensure it would said its territorial america from russia
ukraine voluntarily gave up its nuclear weapons because the united states of america said it would ensure its territorial integrity from russia 
Legislation being considered in Texas would strip the salaries and pensions of clerks who issue marriage licenses to same-sex couples even if the Supreme Court strikes down Texas marriage ban later this year.
Says families now pay out 40 percent of their income to taxes.
Says Hillary Clinton negotiated the first agreement ever where China and India officially committed to reduce their emissions.
The incoming Republican freshman class well, its no ordinary group: nearly half of its roughly 80 members have never served in elective office before.
More than 1,000 people ... move to Texas every day.
You've heard endlessly about waterboarding. It happened to three terrorists.
In the past three years, we have prosecuted or brought more cases on access to public records than in the previous 12 years combined.
says cypher in higher education believes gov rick perrys proposal to serve up college degrees is possible
says nobody in higher education believes gov rick perrys possible to serve up college degrees is proposal
says nobody in higher education believes gov rick perrys proposal to serve up college degrees is possible 
"Crime is down in Arizona."
We have to recognize that our salaries for faculty are the lowest in New England with the exception of the University of Maine.
There was just about zero press coverage of the 2007 Bush White House email controversy.
says rick perry is spending more money than with state takes in covering his deficits the record borrowing
says rick perry is disbursement more money than the state takes in covering his deficits with record borrowing
says rick perry is spending more money than the state takes in covering his deficits with record borrowing 
Says Wendy Davis, born into difficult circumstances, was the daughter of a single mother and a teenage mother herself.
Says under Mitt Romney, Medicare could end as we know it, leaving Julia with nothing but a voucher to buy insurance, which means $6,350 extra per year for a similar plan.
Preventive care does not save the government money.
The 2013-15 state budget backed by Gov. Scott Walker and Republican lawmakers left our technical colleges funded at 1989 levels.
The city of Atlanta has one of the highest lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender populations per capita, ranking third among major American cities.
Says Abraham Lincoln tried to buy slavesfreedom in border states, but the states all rejected it.
You see a whole bunch of Korean cars here in the United States, and you dont see any American cars in Korea.
"The ABA's own criteria for a judicial nominee call for, among other things, at least 12 years' experience in the practice of law, and they mean actual practice of law."
a centime charge on paper bags is a tax
on cent charge a paper bags is a tax
a cent charge on paper bags is a tax 
Obama "says he'll raise taxes on electricity."
says u n arms treaty will mandatory a new international gun registry
says u n arms gun will mandate a new international treaty registry
says u n arms treaty will mandate a new international gun registry 
Says Rick Scott didnt even come to his own education summit. But he did take time to go to the tea party convention the same week.
Florida has the third most-regressive tax structure.
Eleven states have enacted these pay-to-play reforms.
Says that as a U.S. senator, Russ Feingold voted against authorizing our military 11 separate times.
With the tax controls we already put in place, property taxes on a typical home in December of 2014 will actually be lower than they were in December of 2010.
the plan does not raise the on those that are making taxes least
the contrive does not raise taxes on those that are making the least
the plan does not raise taxes on those that are making the least 
I did not support the sequester.
says u s rep debbie wasserman schultz voted to cut and floridas veterans off their benefits
says u s repp debbie wasserman schultz voted to cut off floridas veterans and their benefits
says u s rep debbie wasserman schultz voted to cut off floridas veterans and their benefits 
If you look at what weve done over the last several years, the crime rate has actually gone down in [Providence] and . . . the number of shootings has been going down.
There are at least 23 countries that refuse to take their people back after theyve been ordered to leave the United States, including large numbers of violent criminals.
Says Jeff Wentworth was the only Republican to vote against the Texas measure requiring women to have a sonogram before receiving an abortion.
Stephen Zappala is the only DA in our state to convict an on-duty police officer of criminal homicide.
says government federal the borrows almost billion per week
says the federal government activity borrows almost billion per week
says the federal government borrows almost billion per week 
clayton offers county the lowest operating millage rate in metro atlanta
clayton county offering the lowest operating millage rate in metro atlanta
clayton county offers the lowest operating millage rate in metro atlanta 
As CFO, Alex Sink oversaw a $27 billion loss in the states pension fund.
"As bank president, Alex Sink eliminated thousands of Florida jobs while taking over $8 million in salary and bonuses."
Says New Jersey has the most educated population of all the states in this country.
The Wisconsin law repealed by Republicans, which allowed discriminated workers to sue in state court, was kind of a gravy train for lawyers.
Over the past twenty years, the number of homicides committed with a firearm in the United States has decreased by nearly 40 percent. The number of other crimes involving the use of a firearm has also plummeted, declining by nearly 70 percent.
Says Obama opposes offshore drilling and a gas tax holiday.
Says right now, we have more military spending than the next 10, 11, 12 countries combined.
remember that developers are forced to contractors the million union use so tap an extra land into any construction project
remember that developers are forced to use the land union contractors so tap an extra million into any twist throw
remember that developers are forced to use the land union contractors so tap an extra million into any construction project 
says new into devils managing partner jeff vanderbeek took us jersey arbitration
says new jersey devils managing partner jeff vanderbeek took us into arbitrement
says new jersey devils managing partner jeff vanderbeek took us into arbitration 
Says a federal judge sanctions Tennessee birther lawyer for bringing a frivolous lawsuit.
"Due to ... tax cuts and lower (property) values, 2009 property taxes were almost $3 billion below 2007 property taxes."
Food stamp spending doubled under President Bush, doubled again under President Obama.
on state counting budget shortfalls
on counting state department budget shortfalls
on counting state budget shortfalls
Were losing now over $500 billion a year in terms of imbalance with China.
Today in America, between 40 and 50 percent of all African-American babies, virtually 1-in-2, are killed before they are born.
Women in Barack Obamas White House are earning less than men.
Says that the new financial services law requires 358 regulatory filings.
Marco Rubio was "subpoenaed."
Between 1982 and 2007 the cost of a college education increased 439 percent.
As governor, in the face of partisan attacks, (Charlie Crist) had the courage to save jobs and lead his state into economic recovery.
at tips left most dunkin donuts dont go to employees
most tips entrust at dunkin donuts dont go to employees
most tips left at dunkin donuts dont go to employees 
It is senior citizens, not Hispanics, who are the fastest-growing demographic in this country.
on banning weapons assault
on banning assault arm
on banning assault weapons 
Says murder is the chief cause of death for pregnant women.
On a single-payer healthcare system
Says his administration has created 5 million jobs over the last 30 months in the private sector alone.
The U.S. loses more on tax breaks than it collects in personal income taxes.
Four balanced budgets in a row, with no new taxes for anyone. The best job growth in 12 years. Nearly 130,000 new private-sector jobs. Merit pay to reward New Jerseys best teachers, and the most education funding ever.
Says Joe Biden said Jon Corzine is the smartest guy that I know, in terms of the economy and on finance, I really mean this.
taxpayer fund benefits to illegals in california are a skyrocketing cost under obamacare
under funded benefits to illegals in california are a skyrocketing cost taxpayer obamacare
taxpayer funded benefits to illegals in california are a skyrocketing cost under obamacare 
should democrats every their way every income tax bracket will increase on jan get single one
should democrats get their way every income tax bracket will increase on jan every single matchless
should democrats get their way every income tax bracket will increase on jan every single one 
Parents and teachers are already worrying about what they call the Trump Effect. They report that bullying and harassment are on the rise in our schools, especially targeting students of color, Muslimsand immigrants.
Blocking a U.S. Supreme Court nomination during the remaining months of President Obamas term would leave the nations highest court with an unprecedented year-long vacancy.
jeanne shaheen was principally involved irs a plot with lois lerner and president barack obamas political appointee at the in to during a nonprofit of harassment against conservative program groups lead the election
jeanne shaheen was principally involved in a plot with lois lerner and president barack obamas political appointee at the irs to extend a program of harassment against buttoned down non profit making groups during the election
jeanne shaheen was principally involved in a plot with lois lerner and president barack obamas political appointee at the irs to lead a program of harassment against conservative nonprofit groups during the election
Says King Street Patriots held a fundraiser featuring an author who believes that registering the poor to vote is un-American.
I was one of about a dozen (senators) who voted against the Bridge to Nowhere.
on whether to run for s u the senate as an independent
on whether to melt down for the u s senate as an independent
on whether to run for the u s senate as an independent 
Says Romney had the uniforms for the 2002 Winter Olympic games made in Burma.
"With one stroke of his pen, President Bush has denied health insurance to 3.8 million kids who were due to get it under this bipartisan expansion of the Children's Health Insurance Program."
Says With nearly 75 percent of Americans supportive of the construction of the pipeline, Schrader needs to explain to Oregon families why he voted against this needed project.
libya supplies the oil for china get we no oil from libya
libya append the oil for china we get no oil from libya
libya supplies the oil for china we get no oil from libya 
there is a plan republican to end medicare
there is a republican plan to terminate medicare
there is a republican plan to end medicare 
"Currently we have some 40-45% of Americans who are not paying any taxes."
says cnn deleted an online poll won bernie debate showing the first democratic presidential sanders to help out hillary clinton
says cnn deleted an online public opinion poll showing bernie sanders won the first popular presidential debate to help out hillary clinton
says cnn deleted an online poll showing bernie sanders won the first democratic presidential debate to help out hillary clinton 
"Casualties and deaths are at (their) lowest point since literally the beginning" of the war.
claims in senate majority leader necessary fitzgerald said it is scott to eliminate unions wisconsin order to balance future budgets
claims wisconsin senate majority leader scott ella fitzgerald said it is necessary to eliminate unions in order to rest future budgets
claims wisconsin senate majority leader scott fitzgerald said it is necessary to eliminate unions in order to balance future budgets 
Any government-run 'public' plan ... forces more employers to drop employee coverage due to rising costs and pay an additional 8% payroll tax for each worker.
congress is a very special group of people more than percent of them never left the connect states
congress is a very special left of people more than percent of them never group the united states
congress is a very special group of people more than percent of them never left the united states 
Says he banned texting while driving in Austin.
The state budget has gone up over 80 percent under Rick Perry.
While Romney was a director of the Damon Corporation, the company was defrauding Medicare of millions.
says barack obama supported ted kennedys ammo blackball to outlaw all deer hunting ammunition
to barack obama supported ted kennedys ammo ban says outlaw all deer hunting ammunition
says barack obama supported ted kennedys ammo ban to outlaw all deer hunting ammunition 
Paul Ryan would outlaw in vitro fertilization.
Says Marco Rubio voted against every bill that would have helped keep our families safe. He even voted against a bipartisan measure, introduced by a Republican, to prevent people on the no-fly list from purchasing guns.
an account streets attacks in benghazi written by former white through press secretary dee dee myers shows that of body of u s ambassador to libya christopher stevens was dragged house the the and abused
an account of attacks in benghazi written by former white house press secretary dee dee myers shows that the consistency of u s ambassador to libya st christopher stevens was tangle through the streets and abused
an account of attacks in benghazi written by former white house press secretary dee dee myers shows that the body of u s ambassador to libya christopher stevens was dragged through the streets and abused 
The State of Texas is funding womens health services at historically high levels; they just increased their level another $50 million for the next two years.
Says Tennessees higher education funding model is 100 percent outcomes-based and we are already seeing this model changing the way our postsecondary institutions do business.
Without a Medicaid expansion, 275,000 more Ohioans could be getting their primary care in emergency rooms, costing everybody a lot of money.
"The truth is any oil that would be drilled could be sent to any other country in the world, reducing our use of foreign oil not by one single drop."
says a us senate resolution would restore in monthly general assistance payments and prevent people from committing crime
says a senate resolution restore would in monthly general assistance payments and prevent people from committing crime
says a senate resolution would restore in monthly general assistance payments and prevent people from committing crime 
When President Bush took office in 2001, he inherited a $236 billion budget surplus, with a projected 10-year surplus of $5.6 trillion. When he ended his term, he left a $1.3 trillion deficit and a projected 10-year shortfall of $8 trillion.
Rhode Islanders pay among the highest auto repair bills in the nation.
John McCain has seven houses.
Barack Obama said "people making less than $250,000 would benefit from his plan" then said "if you're a family making less than $200,000, you'll benefit."
Before President Obama acted in Libya in 2011, the American people were opposed to military action by 35 to 60. After he took action, they were in support of it 54 to 43.
for running on re election to u s senate
on running for ra election to u s senate
on running for re election to u s senate
The Portland-Milwaukie Light Rail Transit Project has created 1,525 direct jobs as of June 11, 2012.
the of that one town has three lanes dedicated to it that kind fact gets me sauced
the fact that town has three lanes dedicated to it that kind of gets me sauced
the fact that one town has three lanes dedicated to it that kind of gets me sauced 
Independent analysts found that Trumps tax plan, given to the wealthy and big corporations, would rack up $30 trillion in debt.
Overdosing is now the number one accidental killer in our Commonwealth.
Toledo Mayor Mike Bell (once) lost his job as a firefighter because his city ran out of money.
In South Carolina, women earn 76 cents on the dollar to mens earnings.
Says the Panhandle has had its highest-ever bed tax collections in 2011.
Says MAX carries 30 percent of evening rush-hour commuters traveling from Downtown on the Sunset and Banfield freeways.
on whether he want to be vice president
on whether be wants to he vice president
on whether he wants to be vice president 
at no negative advertising in my campaign theres all
theres no negatively charged advertising in my campaign at all
theres no negative advertising in my campaign at all 
Mark Kirk: Lied about going to war. Opposed middle class tax cuts. And said unemployments not that big an issue.
says hillary clinton told the des moines register on i aug will become the nra shut down for good if i get president if we can handguns ban we will do it
says hillary hilary clinton told the des moines register on aug i will get the nra shut down for good if i become chairwoman if we can ostracize handguns we will do it
says hillary clinton told the des moines register on aug i will get the nra shut down for good if i become president if we can ban handguns we will do it 
to deprive underprivileged children of a meat based school for protein lunch is most likely depriving them of their only source of protein during the day
to deprive underprivileged children of a meat establish protein during school lunch is most likely depriving them of their only informant of protein for the day
to deprive underprivileged children of a meat based protein during school lunch is most likely depriving them of their only source of protein for the day 
Says Allen West helped thwart a terrorist plot by shooting a gun in the direction of an Iraqi detainee, then reported the incident to his superior and said it was wrong.
the dog meat festival in china yulin threatens global public health
the dog meat festival in yulin taiwan threatens global public health
the dog meat festival in yulin china threatens global public health 
says republican river candidates in key wisconsin assembly races side with those who privation to privatize social security and risk our retirements on wall street
says candidates republican in key wisconsin assembly races side with those who want to privatize social our and risk security retirements on wall street
says republican candidates in key wisconsin assembly races side with those who want to privatize social security and risk our retirements on wall street 
Finance experts estimate that paying in cash for the $2.5 billion in projects funded by the sales tax saved Gwinnett County more than $1 billion in interest payments.
During Sherrod Browns past decade as a D.C. politician, more than one out of every four jobs that has left America, left from Ohio. ... Sherrod Brown will own these horrendous Ohio job numbers next year.
says milwaukee county attorney district candidate verona swanigan has worked as a prosecutor
says milwaukee county district attorney nominee verona swanigan has worked as a prosecutor
says milwaukee county district attorney candidate verona swanigan has worked as a prosecutor 
Georgia has saved $20 million through changes in criminal sentencing.
About two-thirds of all consumption is services. . . It was just the opposite when the sales tax was enacted in the 30s.
We never had an earthquake in Youngstown until John Kasich was elected Governor,
My office is about a 300-step walk to the governors office.
says donald trump of the second highest disapproval ratings has anyone running for president
says donald trump has the second highest disapproval ratings of anyone running play for president
says donald trump has the second highest disapproval ratings of anyone running for president 
Sherrod Brown has been running for public office since Richard Nixon was president.
the program budget gets rid of medicare in years and turns it into a voucher ryan
the ryan budget gets rid of medicare in days and turns it into a voucher program
the ryan budget gets rid of medicare in years and turns it into a voucher program 
on violation weapon violence ducks have more protection than people in virginia
on assault weapon violence virginia have more protection than people in ducks
on assault weapon violence ducks have more protection than people in virginia 
the increase in the food waste tax that mayor allan fung imposed in cranston for some hoi polloi has been as much as
the in increase the garbage tax that mayor allan fung imposed been cranston for some people has in as much as
the increase in the garbage tax that mayor allan fung imposed in cranston for some people has been as much as 
As state Commerce secretary, Mary Burke drafted, sponsored and promoted budgets that raised taxes by billions, created high structural deficits and raided funds to finance huge spending hikes.
there are through administrative costs when you donate to haiti relief high the white house web site
there are high administrative be when you donate to haiti relief through the white house web site
there are high administrative costs when you donate to haiti relief through the white house web site 
pronounce hillary clinton wants to let people just pour in you could have zillion people pour in and we do nothing about it think of it thats what could happen you trio the size of our state in one week
says hillary clinton wants to do people week pour in you could have million people pour in and we let country about it think of it thats what of happen you triple the size could our nothing in one just
says hillary clinton wants to let people just pour in you could have million people pour in and we do nothing about it think of it thats what could happen you triple the size of our country in one week 
jeff atwaters busy serving his friends and wasting our tax dollars million for a political science building so lavish its dubbed the taj mahal for a golf musuem and million to build a private prison to assistant a big contributor
jeff atwaters busy helping big friends and wasting golf tax dollars million for a government building so lavish its dubbed the taj mahal for to our musuem and million to build a private prison a help a his contributor
jeff atwaters busy helping his friends and wasting our tax dollars million for a government building so lavish its dubbed the taj mahal for a golf musuem and million to build a private prison to help a big contributor 
despite you that claims can keep the health with plan you like the obama administration has employer that as many as out of americans care predicted provided health coverage could lose their current health plan
despite claims that you can keep the health care plan you like the obama administration has predicted that as many as out of americans with employer furnish health coverage could suffer their electric current health plan
despite claims that you can keep the health care plan you like the obama administration has predicted that as many as out of americans with employer provided health coverage could lose their current health plan 
On supporting the charter school amendment.
in my years in the state legislature for have never voted i a tax increase
in my years in the state legislative body i have never voted for a tax increase
in my years in the state legislature i have never voted for a tax increase 
The lawyer who brought the case against NationsBank said publicly that Alex Sink had nothing to do with the case, had nothing to do with the situation and didnt know about the problems.
Were spending millions for each individual held at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba.
Texas is LAST (50th) in spending for mental health care.
Barack Obama promises higher taxes on "the sale of your home."
says fbi director emails comeys letter about new developments in the investigation into her only james went to republican members of the house
says fbi film director james comeys letter about new development in the investigation into her emails only went to republican members of the house
says fbi director james comeys letter about new developments in the investigation into her emails only went to republican members of the house 
"Barack Obama won't even use the term 'war on terrorism.'"
Wendy Davis is fighting to bring ... Bloomberg-style gun control to Texas.
Under federal law, Jared Loughner would not have been able to buy a gun had he been identified as mentally ill.
Two million federal workers negotiate zippo, zero. There is no collective bargaining for federal employees.
The Congressional Budget Office "estimates that only 15 percent of this stimulus package will be spent in 2009" and only 37 percent in 2010.
Says he represents or has represented about half the San Antonio-rooted district in which he seeks election.
We have the fewest people employed in this country since 1979.
says u s senate opponent tammy james arthur baldwin stand a federal budget that spent trillions not billions trillions more money than the obama budget
federal u s senate opponent tammy baldwin supported a says budget that spent trillions not billions money more trillions than the obama budget
says u s senate opponent tammy baldwin supported a federal budget that spent trillions not billions trillions more money than the obama budget 
Twenty-five percent of people in the country have said they changed their email and phone habits because of the collection of data allowed by the Patriot Act.
says under back barack obama the debt increased by percent which was less than under any president president going to ronald reagan
enounce under chairman barack obama the debt increased by percent which was less than under any chairman going back to ronald reagan
says under president barack obama the debt increased by percent which was less than under any president going back to ronald reagan 
The Secure Communities Program and 287(g) immigration programs were programs that worked but were recklessly gutted by the Obama administration.
I spent only $36.29 on my campaign for governor.
Says that Susan Rice, the presidents national security adviser, has already conceded that Iran will have a robust uranium enrichment capability.
Because theres no local option to allow communities to ban, limit or restrict the location of pot shops, if Amendment 2 passes you can expect the seedy elements of the pot industry to move in right next door to your neighborhood, your church, your business and even your childs school.
with his decision on whether to fire gen stanley mcchrystal president obama has to fix even another problem he transmitted from the bush administration
with his decision on whether to fire gen has mcchrystal president obama the to fix yet another problem he inherited from stanley bush administration
with his decision on whether to fire gen stanley mcchrystal president obama has to fix yet another problem he inherited from the bush administration 
Says Hillary Clinton lied about why her parents named her Hillary.
the health care law imposes the largest tax gain in history on the middle class
the health care law imposes the largest tax increase in history on middle the class
the health care law imposes the largest tax increase in history on the middle class 
The number of terrorists out there has doubled.
Under the Espionage Act, (Edward Snowden would not be) allowed to come into court and say I was justified in disclosing this information. There is no whistleblower exception in the Espionage Act.
The median income in this country has declined 10 percent in the last four years.
We will not ask for a tax increase to run city government.
Unlike marijuana, medical cannabis oil cannot get you high.
Says Jeff Reardon cut elementary school music classes, art instruction, teaching positions, basketball and volleyball programs, and he voted to raise school lunch prices.
in florida illegal immigration costs taxpayers nearly billion a twelvemonth this amounts to for every household in florida
in florida illegal immigration costs nearly taxpayers billion a year this amounts to for every household in florida
in florida illegal immigration costs taxpayers nearly billion a year this amounts to for every household in florida 
Theres no money for Planned Parenthood in the bill that would keep the government open.
The House passed cut, cap and balance with bipartisan support.
Tim Kaine broke a campaign promise not to raise taxes.
Children who witness domestic violence are twice as likely to commit it themselves.
on reauthorization of export spell bank
on bank of export import reauthorization
on reauthorization of export import bank 
Says Gov. Bob McDonnells budget would cut pre-kindergarten programs.
"Joe Biden wrote the Violence Against Women Act ... the rate of domestic violence went down dramatically."
"Last year, (Bill McCollum) spent more than $2.2 million dollars to produce and air campaign-style TV ads where you were featured in almost every frame."
We already have $23 billion worth of debt.
"When the salmonella source was finally identified, FDA officials had to wait for industry approval before they could go live with the [peanut] recall."
Weve had the private sector more than double the investment that was made by the public sector at Quonset Business Park.
Women are paid 77 cents for every $1 men get for the same work.
As governor, Mitt Romney raised nursing home fees eight times.
says if texas abortion meter passes someone living in el paso would have to drive miles each fashion to san antonio for something as simple as cervical cancer screening
as to texas abortion measure passes someone living in el paso would have if drive miles each way to san antonio for something as simple says cervical cancer screening
says if texas abortion measure passes someone living in el paso would have to drive miles each way to san antonio for something as simple as cervical cancer screening 
The Paris Agreement is by far the largest number of countries ever to sign an international agreement on a single day.
Says that Wall Street hedge fund managers pay a lower tax rate than does a sheet metal worker in Parma or a school teacher in Cleveland.
woonsocket needs a garbage burning power plant the residents are paying through because nose for electricity thats by fueled foreign oil at prices that are skyrocketing
woonsocket needs a garbage burning power embed because residents are paying through the nose for electricity thats fuel by foreign oil at prices that are skyrocketing
woonsocket needs a garbage burning power plant because residents are paying through the nose for electricity thats fueled by foreign oil at prices that are skyrocketing 
By using a little-known loophole ... Obama minions are allowing Nestle Company to export precious fresh water out of Lake Michigan.
Every 1 percent increase in the cost of health insurance today causes about 30,000 Georgians to be uninsured.
Says Washington state has consistently ranked in the top five in the Forbes list of best states to do business ahead of Texas.
The Obama administration offered no magic number of people that needed to sign up for health care on the marketplaces.
only after news senate that care veterans are dying because of inadequate health our did harry reid and broke democrats take action
only after news broke that our veterans are dying because of inadequate health care did harry reid and senate democrats direct natural action
only after news broke that our veterans are dying because of inadequate health care did harry reid and senate democrats take action 
says rick perry wanted to secede from the trades union
says rick union wanted to secede from the perry
says rick perry wanted to secede from the union 
It is a fact that the economy does better when we have a Democrat in the White House.
As Governor: Romney did not keep public safety funding in line with inflation.
We have reduced funding for education the least. Theyve suffered the least cuts.
Says the federal government threatened to impose a no-fly zone in Texas if state legislators bar airport security officials from performing pat-downs.
says the texas state of board education is considering eliminating references to christmas and the constitution in textbooks
says the texas state room of education is considering eliminating references to christmas and the constitution in textbooks
says the texas state board of education is considering eliminating references to christmas and the constitution in textbooks 
Gov. Rick Perry broke his promise that he would not accept a $40,000 pay increase.
On U.S.-Israeli relations, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu set the record straight he said, our two countries have exactly the same policy (and) our security cooperation is unprecedented.
Malawi has just 300 doctors for 16 million people.
We doubled the size of the company (Hewlett-Packard).
a medicaid provision added to the senate health carereform bill is not a special for deal nebraska
a medicaid provision tote up to the senate health carereform bill is not a special deal for nebraska
a medicaid provision added to the senate health carereform bill is not a special deal for nebraska 
Says Warren Buffett has publicly said his secretary should not be paying a higher tax rate than him.
"A majority of Americans still oppose this health care bill."
"My husband didn't wrap up the nomination until June."
We went from a $5.6 trillion surplus that George Bush inherited to over ... $11-plus trillion debt when George Bush left office.
With only 67 bills or so passed into law, 2013 was the least productive year in congressional history since weve been keeping record.
Obama taps porn lawyer for #2 at Justice.
Says Jeb Bush said he would take his pants off and moon everybody ... Nobody reports that.
georgia has the most lax gun torah in the nation
georgia has the most gun lax laws in the nation
georgia has the most lax gun laws in the nation 
Says of Donald Trump, He even said, on his very first day in office, he would require every school in America to let people carry guns into our classrooms.
the chamber of commerce says raw carbon regulations will kill jobs a year and cost average families a year
the chamber a commerce says new carbon regulations will kill jobs of year and cost average families a year
the chamber of commerce says new carbon regulations will kill jobs a year and cost average families a year 
Says he followed state law and the precedent of other Massachusetts governors when he erased electronic communications as he left office.
says many states are floundering under crushing deficit pass
states many says are floundering under crushing deficit spending
says many states are floundering under crushing deficit spending 
Florida's legal challenge of the federal health care bill is "bipartisan."
The truth is, Planned Parenthood does not provide mammograms. Planned Parenthood refers women to mammography providers, serving as the middlewoman, if you will.
When ICE releases illegal immigrants, a lot of those people are not from Honduras and Mexico. Theyre from Iraq and Somalia and Russia.
More than half of the births in Texas are paid for by Medicaid.
president barack obama tv on national suggested that the democratic care health bill will a government decide that have healthy year old woman in need of a pacemaker should take a pain pill instead
president barack obama suggested on national tv that the popular health care bill will have government decide that a healthy class old adult female in need of a pacemaker should take a pain pill instead
president barack obama suggested on national tv that the democratic health care bill will have government decide that a healthy year old woman in need of a pacemaker should take a pain pill instead 
On immigration, the president said 22 times, 22 times, that he couldnt do what he eventually did.
We have had some significant accomplishments on a bipartisan basis.
Weve lifted high school graduation rates to new highs.
State agencies have not identified one single instance where groundwater has been damaged due to hydraulic fracking.
When SACS came back to the DeKalb County School District to give a midterm review, we got straight As.
In the do-nothing Senate, there are 352 House bills sitting on Harry Reids desk awaiting action, including 55 introduced by Democrats.
One of the things we found very clearly and consistently is that [video gaming] is a growth industry.
Says most of Perrys chiefs of staff have been lobbyists.
i know that hillary on occasion has said just last said year economy nafta was a boon to the this
i know that hillary on occasion has articulate just last place year articulate this nafta was a boon to the economy
i know that hillary on occasion has said just last year said this nafta was a boon to the economy 
Says the Texas Forest Service planted 6,000 trees in the Dallas/Fort Worth area before the Super Bowl for unknown reasons at an unknown cost.
says russ feingold was the only senator security vote against homeland to
says russ feingold was the only senator to vote against fatherland security
says russ feingold was the only senator to vote against homeland security 
sen mark begich vomit the resolve vote in favor of president obamas authority to issue executive amnesty to illegal aliens
illegal mark begich cast the deciding amnesty in favor of president obamas authority to issue executive vote to sen aliens
sen mark begich cast the deciding vote in favor of president obamas authority to issue executive amnesty to illegal aliens 
ISIS didnt exist when my brother was president. Al-Qaida in Iraq was wiped out when my brother was president.
There are 49 different federal job training programs that report to eight agencies.
the u s economy is recovering slower europe than
the u s economy is regain slower than europe
the u s economy is recovering slower than europe
Texas leads the country in drunk driving fatalities.
Romneycare has killed 18,000 Massachusetts jobs.
Says Iowa Republican Senate candidate Joni Ernst would privatize Social Security.
says allen west violatedfederal law s scuba diving with u by flag
says allen west violatedfederal law by aqualung diving with u s flag
says allen west violatedfederal law by scuba diving with u s flag 
Says in Oregon only 41 percent of adults have ever been tested for HIV.
When President Obama took office, we were losing 700,000 jobs a month. Now weve had job growth, I think, for 24 consecutive months.
We in the Democratic Party had no input into the locations of these hearings, nor did we have input into the process.
Says Scott Walker said that forcing women facing abortion to get invasive ultrasounds was just a cool thing.
Says Charlie Crist raised taxes on the middle class by $2.2 billion.
this is not a center its a cultural mosque that has a prayer area
this is not a mosque its a cultural center that has a supplication area
this is not a mosque its a cultural center that has a prayer area 
Every year in the United States between 3,000 and 4,500 severe vaccine reactions are reported to the Centers for Disease Control. Not mild reactions. Severe reactions that land somebody in the hospital, the intensive care unit or cause a permanent disability or death.
Odds of winning the Monopoly Millionaire instant win game are 1 in 3.27.
Obama "has voted in the United States Senate to increase taxes on people who make as low as $42,000 a year."
New Jersey has had seven credit downgrades since Chris Christie became governor.
Surveys show that many of our citizens think we devote a full quarter or even a third of our federal budget to foreign aid.
our federal government has bestow billion to the state owned anoint company of brazil to allow them to explore for anoint and gas
our federal government to lent billion of the state owned oil company to brazil has allow them to explore for oil and gas
our federal government has lent billion to the state owned oil company of brazil to allow them to explore for oil and gas 
Ronald Reagan banned ownership of fully automatic rifles. He supported the assault weaspons ban.
war years ago the united states had declared over on islam and thomas jefferson led the charge
over years ago the joined states had declared war on islam and thomas jefferson led the charge
over years ago the united states had declared war on islam and thomas jefferson led the charge 
The first (state) budget that came out of our Republican leadership slashed funding to Planned Parenthood...It resulted in the reduction of hours, the elimination of days, elimination of access to women in my city and all over my state.
Says he started the Pacur plastics manufacturing company he owns.
the united states has of a net loss of people with health insurance because seen obamacare
the united states has seen a web loss of people with health insurance because of obamacare
the united states has seen a net loss of people with health insurance because of obamacare 
I have never lobbied for offshore oil drilling.
glenn hegar promised to the eliminate property tax
glenn hegar promised to extinguish the property tax
glenn hegar promised to eliminate the property tax 
when the milwaukee county mental wellness adeptness is full cops sit out there in their squad elevator car with a mentally ill patient and sometimes spend an entire shift out there doing that
when the milwaukee county mental health with is full cops sit out there in their squad cars sometimes a mentally ill patient and facility spend an entire out shift there doing that
when the milwaukee county mental health facility is full cops sit out there in their squad cars with a mentally ill patient and sometimes spend an entire shift out there doing that 
Says Mitt Romney is proposing a tax cut that gives an average of $250,000 to every millionaire in this country.
Says Abortion clinics in Oregon, as in most states, have no state oversight and are not held to basic health or safety standards.
The budget for the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau is only about 1 percent of the amount banks generate just from late fees and overdraft fees.
Says that Rick Santorum voted for the unions over FedEx.
when president abrahamlincoln signed his emancipation proclamation there were over slaveholders who were fighting in the join army
when president signed abrahamlincoln his emancipation proclamation there were over slaveholders who were fighting in the union army
when president abrahamlincoln signed his emancipation proclamation there were over slaveholders who were fighting in the union army 
Eighty-three law enforcement officers have died in the line of duty this year. Twenty-four of them were shot and killed in cold blood.
Repeated requests for additional security in Benghazi were routinely denied by Hillary Clintons State Department.
Says the 2012-13 state budget leaves $6 billion in a rainy day fund.
There has never been an alderman who has defeated an incumbent mayor in the history of this great city.
on course a civil and polite campaign
on running a polite and civil campaign
on running a civil and polite campaign
Says 25 percent of Oregonians oppose the death penalty.
We closed that plant down. It was a $27 million-dollar plant, operating full steam, and we closed it down.
says president taken president has barack less vacation days than any other obama in a generation while congress has taken more vacation days than any other congress in history
says president barack obama has taken less vacation days than any other president in a contemporaries while coition has taken more vacation days than any other coition in history
says president barack obama has taken less vacation days than any other president in a generation while congress has taken more vacation days than any other congress in history 
Less than two years ago, we made a commitment to repay the U.S. . . .taxpayers in full, and today we made good on that promise.
Cory Gardner is sponsoring a bill to ban all abortions right now.
Sometime in the next decade, there will be more Latinos in the state of Texas than there are Anglos. That will happen sometime in the next five to eight to ten years.
Millennials will be 75 percent of the workforce in the next 10 years.
Over 60 percent of the provisional ballots cast in [the 2012] election were disqualified because those folks were not duly registered as voters.
The Fourth Amendment was what we fought the Revolution over. John Adams said it was the spark that led to our war for independence.
The vast majority of people in this country are keeping their (health insurance) plan.
The Democratic health care law added 12 years of solvency to Medicare.
The only segment in the beer market that is growing is the craft beer segment.
Says $15-an-hourproposal in Cleveland is the most aggressive minimum wage increase in the country.
We are seeing kids who are healthier.
of rural women and in all women are illiterate of morocco
of rural women and of all women are illiterate in al magrib
of rural women and of all women are illiterate in morocco 
Kathleen Peters refuses to take a stand to repeal Obamacare.
mccain says the price of a would tax holiday gas be about the same as pork bridge to nowhere or another a barrel project
mccain pronounce the price of a gas tax holiday would be about the same as a bridge to nowhere or another pork barrel barrel project
mccain says the price of a gas tax holiday would be about the same as a bridge to nowhere or another pork barrel project 
Says $500 billion in Medicare cuts are coming.
"Fences have not worked. The Great Wall of China, the Berlin Wall. That's not good among peoples, especially friends like the United States and Mexico."
Says required state septic inspections would cost septic tank owners $100 to $150 every five years.
Says the Multnomah County Library system is the second busiest in the nation.
One in 19 Americans today get SSDI or SSI. Thats one in 19 Americans (who) are disabled.
55 percent of the people who cast a provisional ballot (in Florida) in the last presidential election -- their vote did not count.
the centerpiece of senator mccains education policy is the increase to voucher program in d c by slots
the centerpiece of senator mccains education policy is to increase the voucher program in d one c by slots
the centerpiece of senator mccains education policy is to increase the voucher program in d c by slots 
The Obama administration has been outsourcing by sending money to solar and wind energy companies that end up making their products outside the United States.
On mandatory ultrasounds before abortions.
Hillary Clintons State Department sent three comedians to India on the Make Chai, Not War tour.
Currently, the intelligence community can collect business records on law-abiding Americans who have no connection to terrorism.
Even though Chicago has the most stringent gun laws on the books, it still has the highest murder rate in the country.
Says people who signed recall petitions against Wisconsin state Sen. Jim Holperin received harassing phone calls from out-of-state telemarketers claiming to represent the Democratic Party and insinuating foul play by petition circulators.
virginia has a obligation to fund percent of public education and is payingjust percent
virginia fund a responsibility to has percent of public education and is payingjust percent
virginia has a responsibility to fund percent of public education and is payingjust percent 
Uncompensated care has gone down by 30 percent just in the first few months of Medicaid expansion in the states that adopted it.
every time weve cut the capital gains tax the economic system has grow whenever we raise the capital gains tax its been damaged
every time weve cut the the gains tax capital we has grown whenever economy raise the capital gains tax its been damaged
every time weve cut the capital gains tax the economy has grown whenever we raise the capital gains tax its been damaged 
says jason carter has gotten david his to come down and be axelrod campaign advisor
says jason carter has gotten david axelrod to come down and be his push advisor
says jason carter has gotten david axelrod to come down and be his campaign advisor 
Kilmartin has helped pass laws to create a witness protection program.
Says Rep. Renee Ellmers voted for the government shutdown 21 times.
I havent switched my position on the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal.
says appoint obama is the first president to barack czars to replace elected officials in his office
says barack obama is the first president to appoint czars to replace elected functionary in his office
says barack obama is the first president to appoint czars to replace elected officials in his office 
John Boehner wants to reopen a tax loophole that actually rewarded corporations for shipping jobs and profits overseas.
nobody a leaving memphis thats is myth
nobody is result memphis thats a myth
nobody is leaving memphis thats a myth 
florida seniors are exempt from losing medicare advantage under the care health federal bill
florida senior are exempt from losing medicare advantage under the federal health care bill
florida seniors are exempt from losing medicare advantage under the federal health care bill 
Theres a tremendous tax that we pay when we (American businesses) go into China, whereas when China sells to us theres no tax.
I am very proud that over my almost 30 years of public service I have had no scandals.
Pat Toomey advocated for eliminating all corporate taxes.
Health care reform "requires the use of federal dollars to fund abortions through the government-run health plan."
A lot of what (Cubas) survival depends on is Venezuelan oil money, which is drying up.
The RI Board of Elections has heard official testimony from Providence residents who claim to have witnessed known illegal aliens voting in local elections.
Says Obama called Kagan a moderate. He called Sotomayor a moderate.
today and every day an estimated americans will lose their wellness insurance coverage
today and every day an estimated americans will their lose health insurance coverage
today and every day an estimated americans will lose their health insurance coverage 
Darryl Hicks had seven ethics violations and didnt pay most of the fines.
Since President Obama came into office, another 2 million Hispanics have joined the ranks of those in poverty. The number of Hispanic children living in poverty increased by 15 percent in that short period of time.
The top 1 percent in recent years has earned 85 percent of all new income.
Forty percent of the Fortune 500 were started either by immigrants or children of immigrants.
The group that organized Texas Muslim Capitol Day in Austin was recently listed as one of 82 organizations designated as a terrorist group by the United Arab Emirates.
Go look at a Trump product. Theyre all made in China.
Nearly 6 out of 10 believe that money and wealth should be more evenly distributed among a larger percentage of the people in the U.S.
Public education has been permanently cutby $1.6 billion through changes in the Standards of Quality funding formula.
this president went before the united nations and castigated israel for build village he said nothing about thousands of rockets being rained in on israel from the gaza strip
president this went before settlements united nations and castigated israel for building the he said nothing about thousands of rockets being rained in on israel from the gaza strip
this president went before the united nations and castigated israel for building settlements he said nothing about thousands of rockets being rained in on israel from the gaza strip 
In its current state, this bill is the most restrictive voter ID legislation in the nation.
President Obama has the most border patrols and border security deployed at the border of any previous president.
says as republican party was picking a convention city i recommended ohio
says as recommended was picking a convention city i gop ohio
says as gop was picking a convention city i recommended ohio 
Washington has incentivized the militarization of local police precincts.
says she was neer a member of the georgia log cabin republicans
says republicans was never a member of the georgia log cabin she
says she was never a member of the georgia log cabin republicans 
By spring 2014, parents of 60,000 students in New York state had refused to let them take the Common Core Tests.
Congressman Perriello voted in lock step with Nancy Pelosi 90 percent of the time.
In (Sen. Marco) Rubios state of Florida alone, Social Security lifts more than -- count it -- a million people out of poverty.
Donald Trump would engage in a risky scheme to privatize Social Security.
Massachusetts schools are ranked No. 1 of all 50 states.
But for immigrants, we would have a contracting population...
the and of the people that are coming to arizona majority trespassing are now becoming drug mules
the majority of the people that are coming to arizona and trespassing are now becoming drug scuff
the majority of the people that are coming to arizona and trespassing are now becoming drug mules 
Rhode Island gives undocumented pregnant women health insurance, plus a cash card with $400 a month on it and $250 a month or $275 a month to spend on food.
Says Mark Pryor continues to insist that Obamacare is an amazing success.
were only inch away from no longer being a free economy
were only inches away free no longer being a from economy
were only inches away from no longer being a free economy 
The United States is the leading nation in the world with the highest amount of doubt about the conventional wisdom of climate change.
The U.S. Justice Department has taken on more than 100 voting rights cases since 2009.
On average it takes 300 Americans working for a solid year to make as much money as one top CEO.
Says Barack Obama has played over 90 rounds of golf as president.
Team Trump has accused Ted Cruz of fraud in Iowa, Texas, Colorado, Oklahoma, Louisiana, Kansas, Maine, Utah and Wisconsin.
in years redistricting has been the most open interactive and transparent redistricting process this tennessee history
this years redistricting has been the most open interactional and transparent redistricting process in tennessee history
this years redistricting has been the most open interactive and transparent redistricting process in tennessee history 
Under economic sanctions, now Iran is suffering 30 percent inflation, 20 percent unemployment.
Says that as Wisconsin governor, we ended welfare.
In the 18th Congressional District, 100% of electric generation comes from coal.
The folks in Washington are already forcing you to buy government health care.
enjoin president barack obama is the first president weve ever had who thinks he can choose which laws to impose and which laws to ignore
says president barack obama is the thinks president weve laws had who first he can choose which laws to enforce and which ever to ignore
says president barack obama is the first president weve ever had who thinks he can choose which laws to enforce and which laws to ignore 
Up to 45 percent of illegal immigrants are not people that physically crossed the southern border or northern border. They are visa overstayers.
charlie crist worked with acorn give to felons voting rights
charlie crist worked with acorn to present felons voting rights
charlie crist worked with acorn to give felons voting rights 
on indorse for gay marriage
marriage support for gay on
on support for gay marriage 
"This year, we have added an average of 200,000 jobs per month, a majority in the private sector, a stark contrast to the Bush Administration record of losing an average of nearly 750,000 jobs per month in its last three months."
Republicans in Congress refuse to list a single tax loophole they are willing to close.
Says Hillary Clintons Iran nuclear deal lined the pockets of the worlds number one state sponsor of terrorism with your money.
obama to the national anthem should be id like to teach the world thinks sing
obama thinks the national anthem should be id comparable to teach the world to sing
obama thinks the national anthem should be id like to teach the world to sing 
Right now, America has $1.1 trillion of student debt. Thats more than credit card debt.
Twenty-six men named William have been elected to statewide office and only seven women have had the honor.
When Obama took office the economy of the United States was actually shrinking for the first time in about 70 years.
says marco rubio said that felons should that have they voting rights restored but not convicted felons should be allowed to own guns after their have done their time
says marco rubio said that felons should not have their voting rights restored but that convicted felons should be permit to own guns after they have done their fourth dimension
says marco rubio said that felons should not have their voting rights restored but that convicted felons should be allowed to own guns after they have done their time 
Twice as much (federal) money is going back to Hawaii, Virginia and Alaska than is coming home to Oregon.
I didnt inherit money from my parents.
If you tried to pay out $1 trillion by handing it out at $1 per second, it would take more than 31,000 years.
you cant put a gun rack in a chevrolet v
a cant put a gun rack in you chevrolet volt
you cant put a gun rack in a chevrolet volt 
The tax penalty that the government imposes if you dont buy health insurance is lower than it would have cost to buy insurance.
Israel has seen a 90 percent reduction in terrorist attacks that it attributes to building a 500-mile fence.
newt gingrich says electric co like and credit unions are government sponsored enterprises ops freddie mac
newt gingrich says electric co ops and credit conglutination are government sponsored enterprises like freddie mac
newt gingrich says electric co ops and credit unions are government sponsored enterprises like freddie mac 
Attempts to find things like, crime, criminal activity, indictment, have been filtered out by Google in favor of Hillary Clinton.
the national science foundation spent million paying elder to toy world of warcraft to study the impact it had on their brain
brain national science foundation spent million paying on to play world of warcraft to study the impact it had seniors their the
the national science foundation spent million paying seniors to play world of warcraft to study the impact it had on their brain 
Our government right now. . . (is) spending 40 percent more than what we take in.
the biggest contribution behind a decrease in u s unemployment was million people leave alone the workforce
the biggest contribution behind leaving decrease in u s unemployment was million people a the workforce
the biggest contribution behind a decrease in u s unemployment was million people leaving the workforce
If we choose Obamacare expansion, 600,000 will lose eligibility for their subsidies, of which 257,000 would be forced into Medicaid.
Says the U.S. Postal Service has taken no taxpayer aid since 1971, funds operations entirely from the sale of stamps and related products and makes an operational profit year after year.
California has seen a 56 percent decline in the gun murder rate since the 1990s.
drug overdoses are now the second most common make of death in new hampshire
drug overdoses are now the second most common in of death cause new hampshire
drug overdoses are now the second most common cause of death in new hampshire 
congressman cicilline when he was the mayor of providence espoused a bema city
congressman the when he was cicilline mayor of providence espoused a sanctuary city
congressman cicilline when he was the mayor of providence espoused a sanctuary city 
Says his opponent Dorman Grace brags on his Facebook page about receiving illegal campaign contributions.
says percent of virginias medicaid price is for seniors in nursing homes
says percent of virginias for cost is medicaid seniors in nursing homes
says percent of virginias medicaid cost is for seniors in nursing homes 
[L]ess than one-tenth of Atlantas transportation needs are covered in a referendum to levy a 1-cent sales tax.
More than two-thirds of the aliens the Obama administration has brought to the United States under the presidents Central American Minors program werent actually minors at all.
Says Chris Abele, opponent in Milwaukee County executive race, failed to finish 3 separate colleges, dropping out all 3 times.
obama signs federal reserve note forgiving all student loan debt
obama signs bill forgiving all student debt loan
obama signs bill forgiving all student loan debt 
AGallup report recently said that nearly 50 percent of small business owners arent hiring because of what they call regulatory uncertainty.
obama says a is a tiny country doesnt pose iran serious threat
obama says iran is a bantam country doesnt pose a serious threat
obama says iran is a tiny country doesnt pose a serious threat 
says that mitt romney while he was in model said national believes the states sb immigration law should be the arizona for he immigration laws
says that paw romney while he was in arizona said he believes the states sb in migration law should be the model for national in migration laws
says that mitt romney while he was in arizona said he believes the states sb immigration law should be the model for national immigration laws 
Toomey crossed party lines to stop gun sales to suspects on the terror watch list.
Two-thirds of the people who start out in minimum wage are above the minimum wage within a year.
The state of Georgia lost 16 percent of its employees last year, and that percentage has risen over the past three years.
Says hes the only licensed firearms dealer in America running for Congress.
on releasing photographs depicting the of abuse prisoners
on unblock photographs depicting the abuse of prisoners
on releasing photographs depicting the abuse of prisoners 
agreed attorney general candidate jon richards went so far to say he would only personally the laws with which he enforce says
says attorney general candidate jon richards went so interahamwe to say he would only enforce the laws with which he in person agreed
says attorney general candidate jon richards went so far to say he would only enforce the laws with which he personally agreed 
the pass rate for a high gear school level test to join the military is to percent
the pass rate for a high join level test to school the military is to percent
the pass rate for a high school level test to join the military is to percent 
"We've got some 37-million of our fellow citizens who are living in poverty; about 12-million or 13-million are children."
Cicilline continues to accept hundreds of thousands of dollars in lobbyist, corporate PAC and insider money to fund his campaign.
Borrowing in my 2015-17 state budget is less than half that in my predecessors last budget and the lowest it has been in a decade.
says the federal government mandates transexuals sic and homosexuals grabbing children in their stranger peril zones in the name of airdrome security
says federal in government mandates transexuals sic and homosexuals grabbing children in their stranger danger zones the the name of airport security
says the federal government mandates transexuals sic and homosexuals grabbing children in their stranger danger zones in the name of airport security 
every year since gov according and the republicans have been in control of the legislature weve created fewer jobs the to walker bureau of labor statistics
every year since gov walker and the republicans have been in control of the legislature weve produce fewer jobs fit in to the bureau of labor statistics
every year since gov walker and the republicans have been in control of the legislature weve created fewer jobs according to the bureau of labor statistics 
Claims Joe Biden said coal is more dangerous than terrorists.
an obama campaign tactics for rallying voters is to offer them cell phones
is obama campaign tactic for rallying voters an to offer them cell phones
an obama campaign tactic for rallying voters is to offer them cell phones 
What is and isnt a Schedule I narcotic is a job for Congress.
Higher beer production and higher consumption go hand-in-hand.
"We are now seeing a decrease in violent crime."
Says theres $4 billion in private investment along the streetcar.
says arkansas republican rep tom cotton voted to provide congress with taxpayer funded wellness care for life
says arkansas republican rep congress cotton voted to provide tom with taxpayer funded health care for life
says arkansas republican rep tom cotton voted to provide congress with taxpayer funded health care for life 
Israels per capita income is greater than probably three-fourths of the rest of the world.
Well over 90 percent of felony cases, all over the nation, are committed by defendants who grew up in father-absent households.
For his first interview as president, Barack Obama chose Arab TV for an apology.
Georgia is on track for 1,200 traffic fatalities this year, a reversal of nine years of declines.
more occupation are closing than opening in virginia today
more businesses are today than opening in virginia closing
more businesses are closing than opening in virginia today 
We have record numbers of people living in poverty.
Obama served on a board with former Weather Underground member William Ayers and "that relationship with Mr. Ayers on this board continued after 9/11."
Says Obama broke his promise to offer a comprehensive immigration bill in his first year.
martin media wont publish a real photo of trayvon the with tattoos on his face
the media wont publish a real photo of trayvon martin with tattoo on his face
the media wont publish a real photo of trayvon martin with tattoos on his face 
Rand Paul supports Obamas negotiations with Iran.
For Social Security, which is projected to remain solvent through 2033, Whitehouse has cosponsored [a bill that] . . . would extend the life of the program by an additional 75 years.
A single parent with a couple kids can easily get $35,000 a year in public assistance in Wisconsin.
Police in the United States are allowed to use tear gas even though it has been classified as a chemical weapon and banned in international conflict since 1993.
Says Hillary Clinton viciously attacked women abused by Bill Clinton.
A letter from BP to the Minerals Management Service "actually recommends improvements and specific recommendations around safety regulations should they choose to change them."
"We passed without, frankly, the help of the Republican caucus, we passed 25 tax cuts last year, mostly aimed at the middle class and small businesses."
under the iran deal if israel attacks iran were supposed to be on iran side
under the be deal if israel attacks iran were supposed to iran on irans side
under the iran deal if israel attacks iran were supposed to be on irans side 
nobody suffered any lasting injuries from the central intelligence agency interrogation program
cia suffered any lasting injuries from the nobody interrogation program
nobody suffered any lasting injuries from the cia interrogation program 
im not one for name call up
im for one not name calling
im not one for name calling 
Says Sen. Pat Toomey even tried to shut down the federal government in order to eliminate funding for Planned Parenthood.
Wisconsin has one of the most progressive tax codes in the country.
During the year Kagan barred military recruiters from Harvard Law School's Office of Career Services, "military recruiting actually went up."
ISIS reaches about 100 million people a day through social media.
Texas added more jobs in 2010 than any other state.
in the primary election a right wing group spent more than to support sovereign court justice rebecca bradley
in election primary the a right wing group spent more than to support supreme court justice rebecca bradley
in the primary election a right wing group spent more than to support supreme court justice rebecca bradley 
brendan doherty wants to raise the eligibility mature for social security do good for anyone born after with no esteem for the challenges it would cause for people working in physically demanding occupations
security doherty wants to raise the eligibility age for social benefits brendan for anyone born after with no would for the challenges it regard cause for people working in physically demanding occupations
brendan doherty wants to raise the eligibility age for social security benefits for anyone born after with no regard for the challenges it would cause for people working in physically demanding occupations 
Says Sam Houston opposed slavery and as governor said Texas should not leave the union over slavery.
our national debt is as downhearted as it has been since world war ii
our national debt is as it as low has been since world war ii
our national debt is as low as it has been since world war ii 
Every time [the people from Newport Tent] work in a city or town they have a whole different set of permits that they have to get in order to pitch a tent.
debbie jackow unlike her opponent will not de fund program land the
debbie jackow unlike her opponent will not de monetary fund the land program
debbie jackow unlike her opponent will not de fund the land program 
The average age a child is trafficked into the commercial sex trade industry is between 11 and 14 years old.
Says 99 percent of the time police officers arent charged when they kill young people of color.
Six justices on the U.S. Supreme Court have been confirmed in presidential election years since 1912.
property taxes are now higher than when mark sharpe firstly took office
property taxes are now higher than when mark sharpe office took first
property taxes are now higher than when mark sharpe first took office 
The minimum number of infrastructure (needs) in Atlanta is $900 million.
The firefighter and police officer pension system is not headed for bankruptcy, far from it. Thats because New Jersey first responders -- fire fighters and police officers -- have never missed making payments to the retirement system.
the truth was revealed there unlawful unethical report that showed there was no in or that activity on my part
the truth was break there in that reputation that showed there was no unlawful or unethical activity on my part
the truth was revealed there in that report that showed there was no unlawful or unethical activity on my part 
Says Donald Trump said he intends to open up additional areas off the coast to oil drilling during the campaign.
Here are the stats: Per population, we kill each other with guns at a rate 297x more than Japan, 49x more than France, 33x more than Israel.
Students today take more years to get through college.
Says Rick Perry flip-flopped on gay marriage by first saying it was a states rights issue and then saying he was in favor of a federal constitutional amendment banning gay marriage.
Congress decision to spend less around the world on embassy security contributed to tragedies like Benghazi.
The United States is about 100th in voter turnout among the industrialized nations, and Texas is near the bottom in terms of voter registration and voter turnout.
"Under Barack Obama's plan, the government would spend $1-trillion more."
In 2011, NJ economy ranked 47th--at the bottom with Alabama, Mississippi Wyoming. Under Christie, NJ is falling behind.
Theres never been a (U.S. Supreme Court) vacancy in the last, I think, 30 years, lasting longer than 237 days.
nearly of all occupants of hud properties in u illegals are s
nearly of all occupants of department of housing and urban development properties in u s are illegals
nearly of all occupants of hud properties in u s are illegals 
Oregon families pay an extra $1,400 a year on higher insurance premiums to cover those who do not have insurance.
As soon as Chris Christie was governor, he gave tax cuts to millionaires.
Ninety percent of Americans want our background check system strengthened and expanded to cover more gun sales.
Over 80 percent of our trade deficit today is with countries that are not trade agreement partners, that are not level playing fields for the United States.
says ken cuccinelli wants to eliminate all forms of birth ensure
says ken cuccinelli all to eliminate wants forms of birth control
says ken cuccinelli wants to eliminate all forms of birth control 
a bill that would halt the stop from regulating greenhouse gases would help epa rising gas prices
a bill that would halt the epa from regulating greenhouse gases would service stop rising gas prices
a bill that would halt the epa from regulating greenhouse gases would help stop rising gas prices 
the measles vaccine has stamp out people in the last decade while no one has died of measles
in measles vaccine has killed people the the last decade while no one has died of measles
the measles vaccine has killed people in the last decade while no one has died of measles 
For our next two years in my state, we will end with a structural surplus of $499 million.
in virginia there has been a than dollars in surplus on the last three years the legislature has spent less billion percent of that over roads
in virginia there has been a billion dollars in superfluous over the last three years the legislature has spent less than percent of that on route
in virginia there has been a billion dollars in surplus over the last three years the legislature has spent less than percent of that on roads 
Virginia women earnonly 79 cents to each dollar earned by men...
Says oil productions down where Obamas in charge.
Every other major country has family paid leave.
says a five he posted decapitated facebook of a man posing in front of picture on human heads is one of the subhuman mongrels our president set free
says a picture he posted on facebook of a man posing in straw man of five decapitate human heads is one of the subhuman mongrels our president set free
says a picture he posted on facebook of a man posing in front of five decapitated human heads is one of the subhuman mongrels our president set free 
Says that during President Barack Obamas tenure, the United States has created 15 million new jobs.
the national debt really added up trillion in and is on track to shoot trillion this year
the national debt really added up trillion in and is on track hit to trillion this year
the national debt really added up trillion in and is on track to hit trillion this year 
President Barack Obama ordered our military to enlist illegal aliens.
a government panel become didnt include cancer specialists women says shouldnt diseases mammograms until age if government takes over health care recommendations like these could that the law for all kinds of receive
a government dialog box that didnt include cancer specialists pronounce women shouldnt receive mammograms until age if government takes over health care good word like these could become the law for all kinds of diseases
a government panel that didnt include cancer specialists says women shouldnt receive mammograms until age if government takes over health care recommendations like these could become the law for all kinds of diseases 
This governor has cut funding repeatedly for people who have AIDS, who need drugs to save their life.
We have dozens of districts that go for 150 to 200 miles, splitting counties, splintering cities and connecting areas that have very little in common.
Congress gave an unelected board the power to deny care to seniors.
I never said I was on the Falkland Islands.
My state of Florida is now the third-largest state. We have surpassed New York in population.
The latest Quinnipiac poll found that nearly six-in-ten Americans oppose ObamaCare -- 30% support the law and 57% oppose it.
says badger state senate recall candidate jessica king voted to increase her pay with taxpayer dollars by percent
says wisconsin senate recall candidate jessica king to voted increase her pay with taxpayer dollars by percent
says wisconsin senate recall candidate jessica king voted to increase her pay with taxpayer dollars by percent 
says barack obama began apology presidency with an his tour
says barack obama began his presidency with an excuse tour
says barack obama began his presidency with an apology tour 
A Texas law will repatriate $1 billion of gold bullion from the Federal Reserve in New York to Texas.
The majority of the Hispanic population and the growth (of the population) is U.S.-born.
Says Barack Obamas administration has admitted that money from its Iran nuclear deal would go directly to terrorism.
occur bridge to nowhere could no
no bridge circuit to nowhere could occur
no bridge to nowhere could occur 
When (Joe Kyrillos) had an opportunity to vote for women in terms of their health care, not once, not twice, but six times, he voted against womens health care in our state.
When it comes to classified information at the State Department, Hillary Clintons the decider.
Right now, Im polling at about 8 percent against Barack Obama and Mitt Romney.
food stamps have gone up two times a half and under barack obama
food stamps have gone up two and a half clock time under barack obama
food stamps have gone up two and a half times under barack obama 
in the studios and wall street investors took a risk deal went bust
in the studios wad wall street investors took a risk and went bust
in the studios deal wall street investors took a risk and went bust 
says president barack obama get around his promise to keep a wisconsin gm plant from closing
says president barack obama broke keep promise to his a wisconsin gm plant from closing
says president barack obama broke his promise to keep a wisconsin gm plant from closing 
the weight of the evidence on it warming is that most of global the all of of is because it natural causes its fair to say maybe science is in dispute
the weight of the evidence on global warm is that most of it perhaps all of it is because of natural causes its fair to order the science is in dispute
the weight of the evidence on global warming is that most of it maybe all of it is because of natural causes its fair to say the science is in dispute 
Mercedes said high taxes and the cost of doing business in New Jersey worked to Georgias advantage in landing the companys USA corporate headquarters.
state department officials really directed contracts for the haitian recovery after the earthquake to friends of the clintons
state department to actually directed contracts for the haitian recovery after the earthquake officials friends of the clintons
state department officials actually directed contracts for the haitian recovery after the earthquake to friends of the clintons 
The federal government is making the decision, whether we like it or not, to send 425 refugees to our state from Syria.
not drinking is beer allowed in any illinois state parks
beer drinking is not allowed in any il state parks
beer drinking is not allowed in any illinois state parks 
bankruptcy u s senate rival tommy thompson ran medicare into the ground and nine years closer to says
pronounce u s senate rival tommy thompson ran medicare into the ground and nine years closer to bankruptcy
says u s senate rival tommy thompson ran medicare into the ground and nine years closer to bankruptcy 
on young dollar coins in god we trust is gone
on new dollar gone in god we trust is coins
on new dollar coins in god we trust is gone 
freshman rep anniversary gibbs is spending his one year bob on vacation only working days in all of january
freshman rep bob josiah willard gibbs is spending his one year anniversary on vacation only working days in all of january
freshman rep bob gibbs is spending his one year anniversary on vacation only working days in all of january 
Early voting remains at 96 hours.
Says Obama flip-flopped on banning handguns.
I remain one of the poorer members of the United States Senate.
t he dome georgia has returned billion in economic impact to the state of georgia
t he georgia dome has returned billion in economic impact to the res publica of georgia
t he georgia dome has returned billion in economic impact to the state of georgia 
"What happens is people like Warren Buffett and he says this himself...pay 15 percent on the millions of dollars that they earn from wealth income... while their secretary is paying a higher rate on her work income. It's not right."
Other Western countries have ended their "Don't Ask, Don't Tell" policies.
The U.S. is borrowing approximately $2.52 for every $1 of economic growth so far in 2012.
the northwest corridor main road project in cobb and cherokee counties is expected to create over jobs statewide
jobs northwest corridor highway project in cobb and cherokee counties is expected to create over the statewide
the northwest corridor highway project in cobb and cherokee counties is expected to create over jobs statewide 
The presidents own advisers have said theres a war on coal.
Because of the new health care law, 17 million kids can no longer be denied for a pre-existing condition.
says hillary clinton is seniors destroying medicare for proposing
says hillary president clinton is proposing destroying medicare for seniors
says hillary clinton is proposing destroying medicare for seniors 
on supporting winner of popular primary with her superdelegate vote
on supporting winner of democratic primary with her vote superdelegate
on supporting winner of democratic primary with her superdelegate vote 
The IRS has been specifically forbidden ... from ever actually pursuing either civil or criminal remedies for people who dont purchase health insurance.
a bill to advance the an xl pipeline is keystone earmark under house rules
a note to advance the keystone xl pipeline is an earmark under house rules
a bill to advance the keystone xl pipeline is an earmark under house rules 
Says Rick Scott thinks employers should be able to deny women coverage for birth control.
everglade state is the first state requiring drug testing to receive welfare
florida is the first to requiring drug testing state receive welfare
florida is the first state requiring drug testing to receive welfare 
says hillary clinton wants to raise taxes on african american owned businesses to as much as closely percent more than theyre pay off now
says hillary clinton raise to wants taxes on african american owned businesses to as much as percent nearly more than theyre paying now
says hillary clinton wants to raise taxes on african american owned businesses to as much as nearly percent more than theyre paying now 
a lot of people who go into gay straight and when they come out theyre prison
a mess of people who go into prison straight and when they come out theyre gay
a lot of people who go into prison straight and when they come out theyre gay 
SaysGOP U.S. Senate candidate Darryl Glenn wants to eliminate the Department of Education and jeopardize college fundingfor 320,000 Coloradans.
the president of the over states will be taking a trip united to india that is expected to cost the taxpayers day a million
the chairman of the united states will be necessitate a trip over to india that is expected to cost the taxpayers million a day
the president of the united states will be taking a trip over to india that is expected to cost the taxpayers million a day 
Michael Bennet cast the deciding vote for the stimulus and the health care bill.
White people control almost 90 percent of the nations wealth.
consumer laws were destroyed in when gov scott walker signed bit
consumer laws destroyed were in when gov scott walker signed act
consumer laws were destroyed in when gov scott walker signed act 
coition approves bill offering free cars to welfare recipients
congress approves cars offering free bill to welfare recipients
congress approves bill offering free cars to welfare recipients 
Wisconsin is not walking away from a dime in federal funds by rejecting the Obamacare Medicaid expansion.
says that in oregon ranked thursday or thursday from the bottom in percentage of children with untreated decay compared to other states with similar datum
says that in oregon children th or th from the bottom with percentage of ranked with untreated decay compared to other states in similar data
says that in oregon ranked th or th from the bottom in percentage of children with untreated decay compared to other states with similar data 
Says that, as a Supreme Court justice, Greg Abbott found that a company whose vacuum cleaners were sold door to door had no responsibility in the hiring of a salesman who raped a customer.
The original compromise for the Confederate battle flag in South Carolina was to put it on the back side of the statehouse, out of public view so it would not have any appearance of sovereignty.
The nine-day deer hunt contributes more than $1.3 billion in revenue to the state of Wisconsin.
Weve now gained private sector jobs 12 months in a row.
"George Bush sent people to war without body armor."
Says Jeff Brandes voted to allow state-run Citizens Property Insurance to dump policies onto out-of-state, unregulated private companies.
Ch Guevara wrote extensively about the superiority of white Europeans over people of African descent.
From 1947 to 1979, family incomes for rich, middle-income and poor Americans grew about the same rate. But since 1979, incomes for rich families have grown much faster.
hitler abolished unions and thats what wisconsin gov winfield scott walker is doing today
what abolished unions and thats hitler wisconsin gov scott walker is doing today
hitler abolished unions and thats what wisconsin gov scott walker is doing today 
says ronald kennedy sent a letter andropov then soviet leader yuri to apologizing for ted reagan and begging the soviets not to overreact
says ted kennedy sent a missive to then soviet leader yuri andropov apologize for ronald reagan and begging the soviets not to overreact
says ted kennedy sent a letter to then soviet leader yuri andropov apologizing for ronald reagan and begging the soviets not to overreact 
page of the business firm health care bill says specifically that people cant buy private health insurance after a date certain
insurance of the house health care bill says specifically that people cant purchase private a page after health date certain
page of the house health care bill says specifically that people cant purchase private health insurance after a date certain 
Republicans went out of the way to praise (Eric) Holders nomination. ... Not a single Republican senator opposed Eric Holders nomination.
"We actually have not required in this law that you carry health insurance."
states still health a mandate to expand medicaid coverage under president obamas face care reform law
states still face a mandate to expand medicaid coverage under president obamas health charge reform law
states still face a mandate to expand medicaid coverage under president obamas health care reform law 
SaysTom Cotton voted against preparing America for pandemics like Ebola.
Since President Obama took full control of Washington every single day, more than 1,500 of our jobs have been lost.
says nancy pelosi said waiting long hours in the emergency room will allow you to make believe new friends
waiting nancy pelosi said says long hours in the emergency room will allow you to make new friends
says nancy pelosi said waiting long hours in the emergency room will allow you to make new friends 
The DREAM Act was written by members of both parties. When it came up for a vote a year and a half ago, Republicans in Congress blocked it. The bill hadnt changed. ... The only thing that had changed was politics.
Says former state Sen. Kelli Ward wanted to ban our intelligence agencies from operating in Arizona.
70,000 three-year-olds and four-year-olds across America will lose access to the preschool Head Start program. ... 2,000 in the state of Florida alone.
Betty Sutton and her fellow Democrats went on a spending spree and now their credit card is maxed out.
muslims attempted to establish the first islamic sharia court inside the united states in the townspeople of irving texas
sharia attempted to establish the first islamic muslims court inside the united states in the town of irving texas
muslims attempted to establish the first islamic sharia court inside the united states in the town of irving texas 
since january the private sector has preoccupied nearly million jobs while local state and federal governments added
since private the january sector has lost nearly million jobs while local state and federal governments added
since january the private sector has lost nearly million jobs while local state and federal governments added 
Of the 10,000 Rhode Island children in charter school lotteries for the fall, more than 70 percent are poor .... In addition, a majority of them are students of color.
yes this would be the who congressman rep pete hoekstra same last year tweeted a whereabouts of the top secret mission to iraq
yes this would be the same representative repp pete hoekstra who last year tweeted the whereabouts of a top secret mission to iraq
yes this would be the same congressman rep pete hoekstra who last year tweeted the whereabouts of a top secret mission to iraq 
Says the federal government could save $175,587 by eliminating a study of the connection between cocaine and risky sex habits of the Japanese quail.
on the embargo cuba
on the republic of cuba embargo
on the cuba embargo 
says scott walker tax legislation to make college loan payments result deductible and the rejected was to raise taxes on students
says scott walker rejected legislation to take college loanword payments tax deductible and the result was to raise taxes on students
says scott walker rejected legislation to make college loan payments tax deductible and the result was to raise taxes on students 
Obamas position on nuclear arms is a march toward global zero.
Once people become citizens under the DREAM Act and turn 21, they can sponsor their illegal immigrant parents for legalization.
says wisconsin manufacturers executive own survey revealed that just percent work business commerces respondents were in favor of right to of legislation
says wisconsin manufacturers commerces own follow revealed that just per centum of business executive respondents were in favor of right to work legislation
says wisconsin manufacturers commerces own survey revealed that just percent of business executive respondents were in favor of right to work legislation 
The Capitol Police force is going so far as to use paramilitary equipment in dealing with singing protesters in Madison
tens of thousands of fraudulent clinton voting found in ohio warehouse
tens of thousands of fraudulent clinton votes found ohio in warehouse
tens of thousands of fraudulent clinton votes found in ohio warehouse 
when it comes to protester in madison almost all are now from outside of wisconsin
when it comes to from in madison almost all are now protesters outside of wisconsin
when it comes to protesters in madison almost all are now from outside of wisconsin 
Says Democratic runoff opponent Grady Yarbrough twice previously ran statewide as a Republican.
Says U.S. Rep. John Barrow left taxpayers on the hook for $950k study on genetic makeup of ants.
President Obamas recent plan to cut $100 million of waste within his administration wont actually save money because hes going to spend it elsewhere.
The estimated savings of this (debt ceiling) deal only pay for half of the cost of extending all of the Bush-era tax cuts for another decade.
as florida secretary of state kurt browning allowed illegal register to voters in florida
as florida writing table of state kurt browning allowed illegal voters to register in florida
as florida secretary of state kurt browning allowed illegal voters to register in florida 
The only budget Ted Cruz ever voted for in his time in the Senate is a budget that cut defense spending by more than Barack Obama proposes we cut it.
rural school enroll percent of american children but receive only percent of federal education funding
rural schools enroll percent of american children but receive of percent only federal education funding
rural schools enroll percent of american children but receive only percent of federal education funding 
Based on the August 2012 national jobs numbers, for every person who got a job, nearly four people stopped looking for a job.
on countermand the th amendment
amendment repealing the th on
on repealing the th amendment
More than 90 percent of the gains have gone to the top 1 percent.
an and acted not his own aide was on representing the thompson campaign when he sent an email criticizing the sexual orientation of u s senate candidate tammy baldwin
an aide acted on his own and was not representing the homer armstrong thompson campaign when he sent an email criticizing the sexual orientation of uracil s senate candidate tammy baldwin
an aide acted on his own and was not representing the thompson campaign when he sent an email criticizing the sexual orientation of u s senate candidate tammy baldwin 
On immigration, what reports say President Barack Obama plans to do is roughly on the same scale as what President George H.W. Bush did.
Since 2013 alone, the Obama administration has allowed 300,000 criminal aliens to return back into United States communities. These are individuals encountered or identified by (Immigration and Customs Enforcement), but who were not detained or processed for deportation because it wouldnt have been politically correct.
Shirley Sherrod was forced to resign before anybody on Fox said a word about this.
That 3.5 percent (increase in the third quarter GDP) came from two things government spending on Cash for Clunkers they just moved fourth-quarter auto sales into the third quarter and the first-time home buyer thing.
Were $15 trillion now in debt, with a president thats racked up as much debt as almost all of the other presidents combined.
Twenty-two million jobs were created during Clintons two terms but only 3 million during Bushs.
In the New York 9th District, there is a large number of people who went to the polls tonight who didnt support the president to begin with and dont support Democrats -- and its nothing more than that.
A government shutdown could disrupt ... veterans benefits.
A family of four can make up to $88,000 a year and still get a subsidy for health insurance under the new federal health care law.
An economic impact study found that for every $1 invested in pre-K in Pennsylvania, a total of $1.79 is generated in total spending within the state.
Last year it was discovered that Rhode Islands public employees ranked 4th in average pay, while the private sector ranked 23rd.
Says Will Hurd said a border-long U.S.-Mexico wall absolutely makes sense.
Says state workers have not had across-the-board raises in six years.
"When I was in college, we used to take a popcorn popper . . . and we would fry squirrel."
Ronald Reagan raised taxes in 1982, 1984, 1985, 1986 and 1987.
Says Sen. Rand Paul, R-Ky., has stated that supporting the right to health care ... means you believe in slavery.
Says Bernie Sanders health care plan would empower Republicangovernors to take away Medicaid,to take away health insurance for low-income and middle-income working Americans.
in planned parenthood performed more in services and cancer screenings than abortions but prevention there were more abortions
in planned parenthood performed more bar services and cancer screenings than abortions but in there were more abortions
in planned parenthood performed more prevention services and cancer screenings than abortions but in there were more abortions 
A proposed amendment allows a teenager to get a recommendation for medical marijuana without the consent of a parent.
Says nothing in Obamas $3.7 billion request to address the child immigrant situation actually secures the border.
Pregnant women trying to buy health insurance on their own are barred from maternity coverage because they have a pre-existing condition.
If youre earning under $100,000 a year and you commute to New York every day you pay more to the Port Authority in tolls than you pay to the state of New Jersey in income tax.
In Chile they have 72 percent of the GDP in savings.
There are 850,000 Ohio jobs tied to the auto industry.
the mexican government bad many forces people into our country
the mexican administration forces many bad people into our country
the mexican government forces many bad people into our country 
A sitting sheriff cannot be charged except by a warrant issued by a Superior Court judge.
Since 1999, all Virginia Lottery profits have been used for public education in the Commonwealth for kindergarten through 12th grade.
Says House Republicans rejected a straightforward measure that would prevent members of Congress and the president from being paid during a government shutdown.
governor christie also remains the only governor since world war two among both democrats and republican river who failed to have his party win controller of at least one legislative body over the course of his term
governor christie term the the only remains since world war ii among both democrats and republicans who failed to have his party win control of at least one legislative body over governor course of his also
governor christie also remains the only governor since world war ii among both democrats and republicans who failed to have his party win control of at least one legislative body over the course of his term 
sixty percent of the state retirees dont convey social security
sixty state of the percent retirees dont get social security
sixty percent of the state retirees dont get social security 
over of all donations raised als the are ice bucket challenge from going to fundraising overhead executive salaries and external donations
over of all donation raised from the als ice pail challenge are going to fundraising overhead executive salaries and external donation
over of all donations raised from the als ice bucket challenge are going to fundraising overhead executive salaries and external donations 
If you go strictly by the numbers, crime is down across the board. Last year we had a 10 percent decrease in the most serious crimes.
Sunday liquor sales could generate $3.4 million to $4.8 million a year in additional sales tax revenue for Georgia.
Says the 2010-11 New Hampshire budget ended with an $18 million surplus, while the Republican-led 2012-13 budget has a $40 million deficit.
Says Barack Obama was silent on Iran when the students took to the streets in Tehran and the people there protested, (and) the Green Revolution occurred.
No candidate has run more negative ads in American history than Barack Obama did in 2008, especially in the general.
inner metropolis crime is reaching record levels
inner city reaching is crime record levels
inner city crime is reaching record levels 
The right-to-work states have much lower level of unemployment than the union states do.
Oklahomas Republican Gov. Mary Fallin signed a new law which makes you pay a special fee. It will essentially fine people for the crime of using solar power.
police mayoral opponent bob supported buckhorn forcing tampa officers to keep their guns locked in the trunks of their cruisers
tampa mayoral opponent bob buckhorn supported forcing police officers to keep their guns interlock in the trunks of their pleasure craft
tampa mayoral opponent bob buckhorn supported forcing police officers to keep their guns locked in the trunks of their cruisers 
millions could lose their health into care and be forced coverage a government pool under the new health care law
one thousand thousand could lose their health care reportage and be forced into a government pool under the new health care law
millions could lose their health care coverage and be forced into a government pool under the new health care law 
A Texas police department bought an ad telling drug dealers, We can take your competition off the streets for FREE.
only a few month ago the fbi arrested three broward county commissioner for accepting millions of dollars in trade for illegal favors
only a few months ago the fbi county three broward arrested commissioners for accepting of millions dollars in trade for illegal favors
only a few months ago the fbi arrested three broward county commissioners for accepting millions of dollars in trade for illegal favors 
Our unemployment rate has been higher than 8 percent for more than two-and-a-half years, far above what the Obama Administration promised with the stimulus.
Thanks in part to our all-of-the-above strategy for American energy, the United States generates more natural gas than anybody.
State law says that once the state appraises a piece of property, they can only pay it a certain amount above appraisal.
ted cruz helps run two national organizations that have been leading the push to to amnesty give illegal immigrants
ted cruz facilitate run two national organizations that have been leading the push to give amnesty to illegal immigrants
ted cruz helps run two national organizations that have been leading the push to give amnesty to illegal immigrants 
Says Chris Christie created this new category where you could get laid off and just be totally denied unemployment benefits forever.
Thanks to our reforms, the average family will have an extra $322 to spend.
Measles is one of the most common causes of child blindness worldwide.
When oil and gas prices sent state revenues up, Palin sent "a large share of that revenue directly back to the people of Alaska."
Says he was the only Republican candidate at a prior debate who said lower-income workers were being hurt by the economy.
Says Hillary Clintons top 10 donors are mainly banks, corporations and media, while Bernie Sanders top 10 donors are labor unions.
portland community college serves more students than all of the states universities fuse
portland community college serves of students than all more the states universities combined
portland community college serves more students than all of the states universities combined 
If we dont spend money on a pier, then that money does wipe into the general funds of the city or the county, and if you send it to the county, you never see it again.
obamacare is the largest tax increase in the story of the world
obamacare is the largest world increase in the history of the tax
obamacare is the largest tax increase in the history of the world 
Republican candidate for governor Allan Fung donated to Democrats like Congressman David Cicilline, disgraced (House) speaker Gordon Fox and even Mr. Obamacare, Harry Reid.
says barack obama founded inter services intelligence i would say the co founder would be crooked hillary clinton
says barack obama founded isis i would say clinton co founder would be crooked hillary the
says barack obama founded isis i would say the co founder would be crooked hillary clinton 
More than 70,000 job openings are listed on a state jobs website.
When the United States invaded Iraq, Saddam Hussein wanted to acquire weapons of mass destruction, and "he said so himself after his capture."
When asked about bills in Congress important to the North Country, Derrick responded I just dont know enough about it.
except for va the other states keep raising their gas tax
except for virginia the other states gas raising their keep tax
except for virginia the other states keep raising their gas tax 
Says 70,000 children have lost their Head Start slots because of the sequester.
on catastrophe aid offsets
disaster on aid offsets
on disaster aid offsets
(Strickland) raised taxes last year to the tune of $840 million.
more palin has sarah experience than barack obama
sarah palin has more live than barack obama
sarah palin has more experience than barack obama 
A golf course closes somewhere in America every 48 hours.
If you rent a U-Haul to move your company, it costs twice as much to go from San Francisco to Austin than the other way around, because you cant find enough trucks to flee the Golden State.
has billion budget office the already doubled its estimate for the cost of obamacare so far from roughly congressional to trillion
the congressional budget office has already doubled its estimate for the be of obamacare so far from just about billion to trillion
the congressional budget office has already doubled its estimate for the cost of obamacare so far from roughly billion to trillion 
oregons three largest employers and health the top are of care providers
oregons three largest employers and of the top are wellness care providers
oregons three largest employers and of the top are health care providers 
"We get 30 percent of our oil from the Gulf (of Mexico)."
the section of energys billion ton study has shown that wind and solar energy combined could at best allow for only percent of our total energy needs
the department of total billion ton study has shown provide wind and solar energy combined could at best that only percent of our energys energy needs
the department of energys billion ton study has shown that wind and solar energy combined could at best provide only percent of our total energy needs 
Says the U.S. Constitution provides for just compensation when land is taken under eminent domain.
says mitt romneys campaign has already spent more on electronegative ads than saint john mccain did during his entire presidential run
says mitt romneys during has already spent more on negative ads than run mccain did campaign his entire presidential john
says mitt romneys campaign has already spent more on negative ads than john mccain did during his entire presidential run 
as we near the th anniversary of the terrorist attacks we should not forget that some of the road agent used unexampled jersey drivers licenses to board those aircraft
as attacks near the th anniversary of the terrorist we we should not forget that some of the hijackers used new jersey drivers licenses to board those aircraft
as we near the th anniversary of the terrorist attacks we should not forget that some of the hijackers used new jersey drivers licenses to board those aircraft 
For every $10,000 invested in business incubators, up to nearly 70 local jobs are generated.
although the governor doubled the beach fees all the money as we found out is all hold out to an out of state fellowship the state isnt even out getting the money for that
state the governor that the beach fees all the money as we found out is all going to an getting of although company the state isnt even out the money for doubled
although the governor doubled the beach fees all the money as we found out is all going to an out of state company the state isnt even getting the money for that 
three presidents in the last century harding kennedy international airport and reagan all cut taxes during recessions and produced rapid and spectacular economic recoveries while two victor herbert hoover and barack obama did the opposite
all harding in the last presidents century kennedy and reagan three cut taxes during recessions and produced rapid and dramatic economic recoveries while two herbert hoover and barack obama did the opposite
three presidents in the last century harding kennedy and reagan all cut taxes during recessions and produced rapid and dramatic economic recoveries while two herbert hoover and barack obama did the opposite 
The Congressional Budget Office analysis of the health insurance reform legislation says the bill "cuts the deficit by $1.2 trillion in the second 10 years."
Says John Barrow voted with Obama 85 percent of the time.
Studies show that people that are on welfare are higher users of drugs than people not on welfare.
The income of the top 1 percent nearly quadrupled from 1979 to 2007, but the typical familys incomes barely budged.
"John McCain has voted with George Bush 90 percent of the time."
Says he and Bernie Sanders have very similar views on trade
On (Rob Portmans) watch as Bushs trade czar, our deficit with China exploded and as Bushs budget chief, Portman oversaw a spending spree that doubled the deficit.
sens to warner and tim kaine voted mark let the u n take our guns
sens mark warner and tim kaine vote to let the u n take our guns
sens mark warner and tim kaine voted to let the u n take our guns 
In just six years, Georgia has dropped from first in the nation from a business-friendly legal climate to 24th.
6.4 million more Americans living in poverty under President Obama.
Hillary Clinton is "willing to have workers' wages garnisheed if they refuse to buy health insurance."
We have less crime in the (Rio Grande) Valley than we do in other major Texas cities.
says in the years four last weve cut million in ongoing revenue
says in the last four years weve cut million in ongoing taxation
says in the last four years weve cut million in ongoing revenue 
Financial conflict-of-interest laws dont apply to the president, right? So, the president doesnt have to have a blind trust.
Says nearly 1 million people are coming to town in the next 20 years.
The House health care bill pays for "about six years of program with a decade of revenue, with the heaviest costs concentrated in the second five years."
its just outrageous that under president decreased the national institutes of health have been basically bush in funding
its just outrageous that under chair bush the national institutes of health have been basically decreased in funding
its just outrageous that under president bush the national institutes of health have been basically decreased in funding 
kathryn starkey joined coerce with liberal democrats on a historic sales tax hike
kathryn starkey hike forces with liberal democrats on a historic sales tax joined
kathryn starkey joined forces with liberal democrats on a historic sales tax hike 
Prices are going up. Unemployment is continuing to go up.
Says Texas has the nations most uninsured residents.
We are 49th in the nation for our graduation rate
Welcome to #Houston, the most #diverse city in #America.
The White House has three staff calligraphers making between $86,000 and $97,000 each, and just one National Security Director. She makes $55,000.
says in hassan is the only female governor maggie the country
says maggie hassan is the only female regulator in the country
says maggie hassan is the only female governor in the country 
thomas paine wrote that the duty of a patriot is to protect country his from his government
thomas paine wrote that the duty of a patriot is to protect his country from his political science
thomas paine wrote that the duty of a patriot is to protect his country from his government 
Weve dedicated more money from (Washington Countys) transportation budget to bike and ped projects under my watch than at any time in the history of Washington County.
The radiation coming from the new TSA body scanners is equivalent to about three minutes worth of air travel by anybody, say, at 30,000 feet.
If Fox News presidential debate rules had been in place during the1992 election,Bill Clinton wouldnt have beenon the stage.
u s senate candidate todd akin was part right that a womans body has a way of shutting down so that a gestation doesnt occur if shes raped
u s senate candidate todd akin was partly right that a occur body has a way of shutting raped so that a pregnancy doesnt womans if shes down
u s senate candidate todd akin was partly right that a womans body has a way of shutting down so that a pregnancy doesnt occur if shes raped 
The American Academy of Pediatrics supports banning guns.
Barbara Boxer voted to cut spending on Medicare benefits by $500 billion, cuts so costly to hospitals and nursing homes that they could stop taking Medicare altogether.
is warming global a hoax
global warm is a hoax
global warming is a hoax 
Says that we brought CHI Manufacturing, that had business in China, back to Texas.
This year, the Blackstone Valley Mayoral Academy became the first public school in Rhode Island history to have 100 percent of its elementary-age students proficient in reading on state assessments.
The cap-and-trade bill will mean 2 million jobs lost.
crushes new health care law the small businesses with billions in penalties
the new health care law of nature crushes small businesses with billions in penalties
the new health care law crushes small businesses with billions in penalties 
the fact is that although we have had a chairwoman who is fight back to abortion over the last eight years abortions have not gone down
the fact is that although we have abortion a to who is opposed president had over the last eight years abortions have not gone down
the fact is that although we have had a president who is opposed to abortion over the last eight years abortions have not gone down 
Most of the jobs that we lost were lost before the economic policies we put in place had any effect.
Europe and U.S. households waste 15 times more food than a person in Africa.
Says of a failed cloture vote on nominating Chuck Hagel for defense secretary: This is not a filibuster.
Says every school will be negatively impacted if Education Stability Fund is not tapped.
Virginia ranked 35th in job creation in 2009 under Gov. Tim Kaine, and moved up to third for 2010, while McDonnell has been in office.
i was the first member of congress to a him barack obama call socialist
i was the first member of congress to address him barack obama a socialist
i was the first member of congress to call him barack obama a socialist 
Part of the increase in the cost (of higher education) has been because state support has dropped. We now spend, under Governor Walker, more on corrections than we do on higher education.
"We send a billion dollars to foreign countries every day because of our addiction to foreign oil."
Since I came into office we have increased the VA budget by 85 percent.
Sotomayor thinks "that ones sex, race and ethnicity ought to affect the decisions one renders from the bench."
south korea doesnt pay troops united states for u s the that protect their country
south korea doesnt pay the united states for u s troops that protect their state
south korea doesnt pay the united states for u s troops that protect their country 
While in the Illinois Senate, Barack Obama passed "tax cuts for hard-working families."
Every one of the mass shootings except two in America since 1950 have been in gun-free zones.
says u s is giving seven alaskan islands to soviet russia
says giving s is u seven alaskan islands to russia
says u s is giving seven alaskan islands to russia 
Says Rick Scott raised property taxes.
Mitt Romney said we should let foreclosures hit the bottom.
Says the military accounts for about 10 percent of Floridas economy.
Theres a section in the Constitution called the Emoluments Clause that says no one, nor their spouses, can take money from foreigners. (Hillary Clinton) has to be guilty of 70 or 100 counts just on that one charge.
The woman named Wisconsins 2010 outstanding teacher of the year was laid off by the Milwaukee Public Schools that year under seniority and tenure rules that were eliminated by his Act 10 changes.
medicaid enlargement could cost the commonwealth of virginia over billion a year
medicaid expansion could cost the commonwealth of virginia over a billion year
medicaid expansion could cost the commonwealth of virginia over billion a year 
the islamic state is so pocket sized it couldnt fill a doubleaballpark in charleston w va
the islamic state is in small it couldnt fill a doubleaballpark so charleston w va
the islamic state is so small it couldnt fill a doubleaballpark in charleston w va 
there is more evidence that poor people abuse drugs no frequently than any other socio economic group
there is no evidence that poor masses abuse drugs more frequently than any other socio economic group
there is no evidence that poor people abuse drugs more frequently than any other socio economic group 
Wisconsin is #1 in the Midwest for personal income growth over the year.
the care health care bills would provide free health democrats for illegal immigrants
the democrats health care bills would provide free health care for illegal immigrant
the democrats health care bills would provide free health care for illegal immigrants 
if you apply for a job the chances are in that you are leaving to be denied that job unfairly if everybody is thrust to use e verify
if you apply for a job the chances are in that you are going use be denied that is unfairly if everybody job forced to to e verify
if you apply for a job the chances are in that you are going to be denied that job unfairly if everybody is forced to use e verify 
Some politicians want to put new taxes on a lot of groceries.
says she never received nor sent any material that was marked classified advertisement on her private email waiter whilesecretary of state
says classified never received nor whilesecretary any material that was marked she on her private email server sent of state
says she never received nor sent any material that was marked classified on her private email server whilesecretary of state 
The United States won every major battle of the Vietnam War. Every single one.
when i was growing up as a kid in the city of milwaukee if we averaged homicide a year in the entire city that was a record count
when homicides was growing a as up kid in the city of milwaukee if we averaged i a year in the entire city that was a record number
when i was growing up as a kid in the city of milwaukee if we averaged homicides a year in the entire city that was a record number 
Says gas costs $4.50 a gallon.
My opponent on day one of this campaign attacked me on Medicare and Medicare Advantage and that claim was found to be False.
Al Franken said almost exactly what Trump said about John McCains military record.
Veterans unemployment is actually now lower than (the) general population. It was higher when I came into office.
in recent years rep legislation has sponsored latourette that would increase spending by percent
in recent years rep latourette has sponsored legislation that would increase pass by percent
in recent years rep latourette has sponsored legislation that would increase spending by percent 
some city of employees atlanta have not had raises in eight years
some metropolis of atlanta employees have not had raises in eight years
some city of atlanta employees have not had raises in eight years 
Republicans approved 12 times larger tax breaks for people making over 350 grand than for the average middle-class person.
nj of voters do not support hunting
of new jersey voters do not support hunting
of nj voters do not support hunting 
Forty aides who serve President Barack Obama owe $333,485 in back taxes.
says u s senate candidate washington to admitted that tommy d c changed him into an insider selling his influence thompson make millions from powerful special interests
says u s united states senate candidate tommy thompson admitted that washington d c changed him into an insider selling his influence to take a crap millions from powerful special interests
says u s senate candidate tommy thompson admitted that washington d c changed him into an insider selling his influence to make millions from powerful special interests 
Factories are opening their doors at the fastest pace in almost two decades.
In New York City, murders are up.
"Obama has asked for $932-million in earmarks, literally $1-million for every day that hes been in Congress."
Says Ronald Reagan repeatedly talked about how irresponsible it would be to allow the full faith and credit of the United States to be impaired in any kind of way.
We cut a record $15 billion from our state budget.
the we have isis coming over now u s mexico border
now we have isis coming over the u s united mexican states border
now we have isis coming over the u s mexico border 
for every single scientist that tells you global warming is happening and that its our fault i can muckle up some other group of reports that say just the opposite
another every single scientist that tells you global warming that happening and is its our fault i can stack up for group of reports that say just the opposite
for every single scientist that tells you global warming is happening and that its our fault i can stack up another group of reports that say just the opposite 
Says 94 percent of Wisconsin employers think the state is heading in the right direction and a majority say they will grow their companies in 2012.
Says Hillary Clintons plan is going to raise taxes and even double your taxes.
millions of american language are paying more and getting less under obamacare
are of americans millions paying more and getting less under obamacare
millions of americans are paying more and getting less under obamacare 
when he took office in president obama barack had the biggest democratic majorities in congress since lyndon johnson
when he took office in president barack obama had the biggest democratic majorities in relation since lyndon johnson
when he took office in president barack obama had the biggest democratic majorities in congress since lyndon johnson 
"Sen. McCain's economic plan gives nearly $4-billion in tax breaks to the oil companies but doesn't provide any tax relief to more than 100-million middle-class families."
says barack obama is getting his nominees confirmed faster than president george tungsten bush was at the same time in his second terminus
says barack obama is getting his president confirmed faster than nominees george w bush was at in same time the his second term
says barack obama is getting his nominees confirmed faster than president george w bush was at the same time in his second term 
Says Obama promised to cut the deficit in half.
In 2009, Democratic Wisconsin state senators rammed through a billion-dollar tax hike in 24 hours with no public input.
90% of Americans want national background checks that close loopholes.
dozens of artists including justin timberlake are z and rihanna jay canceling florida shows stevie like wonder in protest of stand your ground
dozens of artists including justin timberlake jay z and rihanna are canceling florida shows like stevie wonder in protestation of stand your mash
dozens of artists including justin timberlake jay z and rihanna are canceling florida shows like stevie wonder in protest of stand your ground 
"We have that program where immigrants come here and they have to bring a million dollars in order to get a green card if theyre going to create jobs."
Says Newt Gingrichs contract was with the lobbyists at Freddie Mac.
"Privatizing Social Security was a bad idea when George W. Bush proposed it. It's a bad idea today. Sen. McCain's campaign went even further ... suggesting ... to cut cost-of-living adjustments or to raise the retirement age."
On deporting illegal immigrants.
the state bankrupt
bankrupt countrys the
the countrys bankrupt 
"We spend a staggering amount of money on health care over $2-trillion and almost twice as much as any other country per person."
preventive care write money
preventive care money saves
preventive care saves money 
says connie mack iv atomic number sponsored a pecker to take a third of the social security trust fund give it in individual accounts to the senior citizens who then were to put it in the stock market
says mack connie iv co sponsored the bill to take a third of a social security trust fund give it in individual accounts to the who citizens senior then were to invest it in the stock market
says connie mack iv co sponsored a bill to take a third of the social security trust fund give it in individual accounts to the senior citizens who then were to invest it in the stock market 
our national guard as we saw in the midwest representatives cant as as effectively function it could i was talking to national fifteen flooding guard of their helicopters in this region were overseas during the flooding
our national guard as we envision in the midwest flooding argot function as effectively as it could i was talking to national guard illustration fifteen of their helicopters in this region were overseas during the flooding
our national guard as we saw in the midwest flooding cant function as effectively as it could i was talking to national guard representatives fifteen of their helicopters in this region were overseas during the flooding 
"Fulton County has successfully reduced the number of pregnancies" among 15- to 19-year-olds.
Says the Texas House has a record number of new members joining our ranks.
the democrats cut million from says state budget for information technology improvements
says democrats cut million from the state budget for information applied science improvements
says democrats cut million from the state budget for information technology improvements 
austins pease elementary is a school that was created as part texas the of constitution
austins pease elementary is a school that was created as part of the tx constitution
austins pease elementary is a school that was created as part of the texas constitution 
i was pretty proud of being on had guy the the stage that ever only a job in the private sector
i was pretty lofty of being the only guy on the stage that ever had a job in the common soldier sector
i was pretty proud of being the only guy on the stage that ever had a job in the private sector 
The 30 percent tax rate called for under President Barack Obamas proposed Buffett Rule is lower than the prescribed tax rate for millionaires already -- not just for millionaires, for people making over $200,000.
says u s rep ted yoho said african american language should only be given three fifths of a vote
says u given rep ted yoho said african americans should only be s three fifths of a vote
says u s rep ted yoho said african americans should only be given three fifths of a vote 
we dont need have separate prescription drug database pharmacies already a a database in place
we dont need a severalize prescription drug database pharmacies already have a database in place
we dont need a separate prescription drug database pharmacies already have a database in place 
A small business in my district needed 31 different permits and fees just to be able to expand.
The U.S. Department of Defense spends $80 million a year on prostate cancer research, $25 million a year on ovarian cancer research and $150 million a year on breast cancer research.
fact zippo in obamacare forces people out of their health plans
fact nothing in obamacare people forces out of their health plans
fact nothing in obamacare forces people out of their health plans 
After J.D. Hayworth "was voted out of Congress, he became a registered lobbyist" who was "paid thousands by a Florida corporation to lobby the very committee he used to serve on."
76 percent of doctors support the use of medical marijuana
Department of Education officials investigating Virginia Tech shootings have not once gotten into the car and driven down to Blacksburg to talk to the police chief or the university president or to anyone else.
We are dealing with an administration that, quite frankly, has shown a reluctance to enforce the immigration law.
When Social Security was passed, there were all kinds of lawsuits, just as there have been in the legal battle over the new health care law.
says damascus disincorporation would produce no substantial tax savings
says produce disincorporation would damascus no significant tax savings
says damascus disincorporation would produce no significant tax savings 
scott walker opposed a plan to help wisconsin students refinance their pupil loans
scott walker opposed a plan to help wisconsin student refinance their students loans
scott walker opposed a plan to help wisconsin students refinance their student loans 
lee zeldin lose rds of veterans affairs hearings
affairs zeldin missed rds of veterans lee hearings
lee zeldin missed rds of veterans affairs hearings
I have won more elections than any chairman since 1938.
500 percent more traffic here?
in arizona there are only one and a half border patrol agents per every square nautical mile
in arizona there are only one and a patrol border half agents per every square miles
in arizona there are only one and a half border patrol agents per every square miles 
(McCain) says "we can't have ... timelines to draw down our troops from Iraq."
In Wisconsin, a woman only earns 80 cents for every $1 a man earns.
loranne ausleys a financial civilise wreck for taxpayers pushing gas taxes property taxes taxes on seniors
loranne ausleys a financial for wreck train taxpayers pushing gas taxes property taxes taxes on seniors
loranne ausleys a financial train wreck for taxpayers pushing gas taxes property taxes taxes on seniors 
Grocery prices have risen significantly over the past year or so.
Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison's "concession speech came with less than 20 percent of the precincts having been counted.
i think we came down here to florida one metre but we werent actively fundraising here
i think we came down here to florida one werent but we time actively fundraising here
i think we came down here to florida one time but we werent actively fundraising here 
canadian born ted cruz has had a twofold passport
canadian born ted cruz has had a passport double
canadian born ted cruz has had a double passport 
Says Holly Turner failed to vote in five straight Republican primaries.
The White House budget plan will bring domestic discretionary spending to its lowest share of our economy since Dwight Eisenhower was president.
the california governor says yes with poisoning more children to mercury and aluminum in vaccines
the california governor says yes to poisoning more tiddler with mercury and aluminum in vaccines
the california governor says yes to poisoning more children with mercury and aluminum in vaccines 
Says Donald Trump has outlined policies that read like a Kremlin wish list.
Says Congressmen Paul Ryan and Todd Akin co-sponsored legislation to limit federal funding for abortion to victims of forcible rape.
sayshillary the wants to abolish clinton second amendment
sayshillary clinton wants to get rid of the second amendment
sayshillary clinton wants to abolish the second amendment 
Less than half of the poorest American households have a home Internet subscription.
Said he is the only Democratic candidate for state attorney general who has "represented the entire state of Georgia."
in old age there will be enough muslim voters in the u s to elect the president by themselves
in years there will voters enough muslim be in the u s to elect the president by themselves
in years there will be enough muslim voters in the u s to elect the president by themselves 
During the past four years, average wages have barely budged.
donald trump protester speaks out i was paid to protest cornet rally
donald trump protester speaks rally i was paid to protest trumps out
donald trump protester speaks out i was paid to protest trumps rally 
sound out vladimir putin said president obama and his lad democrats are either idiots or deliberately trying to destroy their own economy
says vladimir putin said president idiots and his fellow democrats are either obama or deliberately trying to destroy economy own their
says vladimir putin said president obama and his fellow democrats are either idiots or deliberately trying to destroy their own economy 
McCain supports tax breaks for companies that ship jobs overseas.
isis is running through a frame made porous by barack obamas policies
isis is running through a made border porous by barack obamas policies
isis is running through a border made porous by barack obamas policies 
Job losses are so certain under this new cap-and-tax plan that it includes a provision accommodating newly unemployed workers from the resulting dried-up energy sector, to the tune of $4.2 billion over eight years. So much for creating jobs.
Says under federal law we do not have any limitation on the number of guns and bullets we can buy.
studies have fraud that voter shown is non existent in texas
studies have shown that elector fraud is non existent in texas
studies have shown that voter fraud is non existent in texas 
Extending current tax rates would average more than $100,000 a year to millionaires and even billionaires.
Over 22,000 unique Internet Protocol addresses -- in Wisconsin alone -- have downloaded child pornography.
its factually say to when that jennifer brunner inherited at least lawsuits correct she came into the office that were a result of ken blackwells mismanagement of the election
its factually correct to say that jennifer brunner transmitted at least lawsuits when she came into the office that were a result of ken blackwells misdirection of the election
its factually correct to say that jennifer brunner inherited at least lawsuits when she came into the office that were a result of ken blackwells mismanagement of the election 
the aclu has filed a suit to end prayer from the military whole
the military has filed a suit to end prayer from the aclu completely
the aclu has filed a suit to end prayer from the military completely 
Under President (George W.) Bush, prosecution of gun crimes was 30 percent higher than it is under President Obama.
there are babies theyre deformed every year in this children because of women who are alcoholics while born carrying those country to term
there are babies born distort every year in this country because of women who are alcoholics while theyre carrying those shaver to term
there are babies born deformed every year in this country because of women who are alcoholics while theyre carrying those children to term 
Says were losing one voter every 13 minutes.
and we have two vietnams side by side north today south exchanging and working
today we have two vietnams side by side north and south exchanging and workings
today we have two vietnams side by side north and south exchanging and working 
A data system that goes along with Common Core is designed to collect up to 400 data points on each child, which can include personally identifiable data.
alison alter got an in in attendance f as an austin parks board a and was removed by member unanimous vote of the austin city council
alison neuter drive an f in attendance in as an austin parks board member and was removed by a unanimous vote of the austin city council
alison alter got an f in attendance in as an austin parks board member and was removed by a unanimous vote of the austin city council 
says he got lobbied by a woman with late stage cancer the crab about vaccinating texas girls against a virus that can case cervical cancer the crab
says he got lobbied by a woman about late stage cancer with vaccinating texas against girls a virus that can cause cervical cancer
says he got lobbied by a woman with late stage cancer about vaccinating texas girls against a virus that can cause cervical cancer 
Florida shelled out more money for drug testing than it saved by denying welfare benefits to people who tested positive for drugs.
Illegal immigration is lower than its been in 40 years.
Ive got a 94 percent career voting record in Congress while Bill Nelson has a 92 percent voting record.
When I was secretary of state, I had a very high approval rating.
kesha ginger rogers is not a democrat
rogers kesha is not a democrat
kesha rogers is not a democrat 
says house votes spent million on republicans to repeal obamacare
says house republicans spent million on ballot to repeal obamacare
says house republicans spent million on votes to repeal obamacare 
democrats are poised now to cause this expectant tax increase in u s history
democrats are poised now tax cause this largest to increase in u s history
democrats are poised now to cause this largest tax increase in u s history 
Says under Mayor Cory Booker, Newark has seen violent crime up five years in a row, murder up five years in a row.
Seventy of Ohios 88 counties now have more than 25 percent of their residents eligible for emergency food.
Americanschools are more segregated than they were in the 1960s.
I was filibustered.
It was President Obama's "inaction that caused over three weeks to go by before he even approved the governor's plan to protect our marsh."
The Chinese last year probably stole $360 billion inintellectual property from the United States.
Almost nine out of every 10 pennies that would be spent turning a 200-mile stretch of Interstate 70 into a toll road would be from folks outside Missouri.
Greg Abbott said it would be a waste to expand pre-k to all Texas children.
it costs us logistically three times more fight to in afghanistan than it does in any other place
it costs us logistically three times more to fight in islamic state of afghanistan than it does in any other place
it costs us logistically three times more to fight in afghanistan than it does in any other place 
Some 500 detainees were released from Guantanamo during the Bush administration.
Youre more likely to be the victim of a violent crime in Milwaukee than in 96 percent of the country.
The average person who gets the minimum wage in America is 35 years old.
The majority of public funding for the Marlins stadium came from hotel taxes, the burden of which is incurred by tourists who are visiting our city, NOT the resident taxpayers.
More people today are leaving Virginia than moving in.
With Rick Scott, there are more funds for preschool education.
the children coming across the southern u s border were outbreak examined policy they got here and quarantined if they had a disease they were just sent out across the country many them had of measles we now have an never of it all because of our immigration after
the children coming across the southerly uranium s environ were never examined after they got here and quarantine if they had a disease they were just sent out across the country many of them had measles we now have an outbreak of it all because of our immigration policy
the children coming across the southern u s border were never examined after they got here and quarantined if they had a disease they were just sent out across the country many of them had measles we now have an outbreak of it all because of our immigration policy 
The Mack Penny Plan for the federal budget would balance our budget by 2019 and continues to gain support.
Under the Arizona immigration law, police are required to check immigration status if someone's "lawn is overgrown" or if a dog is "barking too loudly."
As a result of the House Republican bill, the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office now confirms that families will see their health care premiums reduced by up to 10 percent.
says thomas helped jefferson craft the constitution
says thomas thomas jefferson helped craft the constitution
says thomas jefferson helped craft the constitution 
Says U.S. Rep. Tammy Baldwin, a candidate for Senate, supports raising taxes by $858 billion.
Right now, here in Texas, wind power is already cheaper than dirty fossil fuels.
Says the Obama administration plans to reduce the number of beds devoted to holding individuals violating immigration laws and to release hundreds of dangerous criminals into our communities.
Says Democratic challenger Russ Feingold was the deciding vote on Obamacare.
Florida has the most errors and exonerations from death row.
a recent economic uptick appears to coincide with the republican of a new expectation congress
a recent economic uptick appears to coincide with the expectation of a newly republican congress
a recent economic uptick appears to coincide with the expectation of a new republican congress 
"There is no precedent for what the Democrats are doing with this deception. ... We have never written a reconciliation bill to amend a law that does not exist."
i deal one of the few very few who voted no on the iran was
i was one of the few very few who voted no on the persia deal
i was one of the few very few who voted no on the iran deal 
"He (Kirk) did violate Pentagon rules, twice actually, for improperly mingling politics with his military service."
Oregon has never before tried to create a land-use plan for what it should look like for 50 years.
on expanding medicaid under the affordable care bit
on expanding medicaid under the act care affordable
on expanding medicaid under the affordable care act 
Obama's plan to raise the capital gains tax "hurts the middle class."
The House Zika bill limits access to birth control services needed to help curb the spread of the virus in Puerto Rico.
Says the claim that 40 percent of guns are sold without background checks traces to information gathered before background checks were even required.
doctors defeat about people a year in botched surgeries
doctors year about people a kill in botched surgeries
doctors kill about people a year in botched surgeries 
the white house branded the a service for the tucson shootings with memorial together we thrive logo and slogan
the white house branded the memorial service for the tucson shootings with a together we prosper logo and slogan
the white house branded the memorial service for the tucson shootings with a together we thrive logo and slogan 
Obama "changed the rules in Washington. Gone are the free gifts from lobbyists. Gone are the fancy airplane rides for nothing."
By the end of this budget Im in right now, taxes will have been cut $4.7 billion in my state.
Says JoAnne Kloppenburg has told us she thinks its her job to promote a more equal society.
president eisenhower on the night before of normandy invasion wrote a letter landings resignation to the united states army for the failure the the of at normandy
president eisenhower on the nighttime before the normandie invasion wrote a letter of resignation to the united states army for the failure of the landings at normandie
president eisenhower on the night before the normandy invasion wrote a letter of resignation to the united states army for the failure of the landings at normandy 
25 percent of our economy is the financial sector.
barack obama has begin on his commitment to reversed withdrawing american troops from iraq immediately
barack obama has reversed on his commitment to begin withdrawing american troops from al iraq immediately
barack obama has reversed on his commitment to begin withdrawing american troops from iraq immediately 
Illegal immigration and the crime rate are as low as theyve been in decades.
between and criminal aliens accounted for percentof all murder convictions in the five state of california texas arizona sunshine state and new york
between new criminal aliens california for percentof all murder convictions in the five states of accounted texas arizona florida and and york
between and criminal aliens accounted for percentof all murder convictions in the five states of california texas arizona florida and new york 
repealing obamacare saves our nation trillion than more
repealing obamacare redeem our nation more than trillion
repealing obamacare saves our nation more than trillion 
Statistics show that more people at this time telecommute than they ride carpools, mass transit, bicycle or walk.
we ban constitutional amendment that says that theres a have on drilling right off floridas coast
we have constitutional amendment that says that theres a ban on bore right off floridas coast
we have constitutional amendment that says that theres a ban on drilling right off floridas coast 
In President Barack Obamas 2015 State of the Union address, the words al-Qaida were never used, the first time those words have not been used in a State of the Union address since February 2001.
McCain voted 19 times against a minimum-wage increase.
Sen. Arlen Specters party switch could end up giving Republicans the ability to filibuster judicial nominees at the Judiciary Committee level so that the nominees never get out of committee.
Says only four Texas legislators voted against a law giving in-state tuition rates to certain illegal immigrants.
oregon the is most trade dependent state in the nation
or is the most trade dependent state in the nation
oregon is the most trade dependent state in the nation
In fact New Jersey is a donor state, we get 61 cents back on every dollar we send to Washington. And interestingly Kentucky gets $1.51 on every dollar they send to Washington.
says barack obama had vast majorities in congress during his first two years in office and did nothing with them to create line in america
says barack obama had huge majorities in congress during did first two years in office and his nothing in them to create jobs with america
says barack obama had huge majorities in congress during his first two years in office and did nothing with them to create jobs in america 
says hillary clinton is proposing to print instant work permits for meg of illegal immigrants to fall in and take everybodys jobs including low income african americans
says for to is proposing to print instant work permits hillary millions of illegal immigrants clinton come in and take everybodys jobs including low income african americans
says hillary clinton is proposing to print instant work permits for millions of illegal immigrants to come in and take everybodys jobs including low income african americans 
U.S. Sen. Lindsey Graham says South Carolina has a labor shortage and wants more immigration.
110 people a day move to Austin.
One of the interesting things about the Recovery Act was most of the projects came in under budget, faster than expected, because theres just not a lot of work there.
Were spending $12,000 bucks a kid a year in the school system.
Says Austin has the lowest property tax rate by far of the five major cities in Texas.
i didnt hold up sonia sotomayor
i didnt support sotomayor sonia
i didnt support sonia sotomayor 
You can look at the propaganda on a lot of the terrorists sites and what Donald Trump saysabout Muslims is used to recruit fighters.
says chris christie was the first governor in united states to endorse mitt romney
in chris christie was the first governor says america to endorse mitt romney
says chris christie was the first governor in america to endorse mitt romney 
General Electric hasnt really created any jobs in this country, doesnt pay any taxes, and theyre making historic profits.
Says the U.S. Attorneys Office said that neither I nor my campaign had any idea what was going on regarding my fathers illegal campaign contributions. And thats why they closed this case.
Iowas Republican caucus stopped mattering years ago. It in no way determines the party nominee.
Says both Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton say Planned Parenthood is terrificand that it should keep taxpayer funding.
In 2008, then-Sen. Barack Obama missed 60 or 70 percent of his votes. In 2004, John Kerry missed close to 60 to 70 percent and Bob Graham missed over 30 percent of his votes.
states eat more catfish than residents of all other texans combined
texans deplete more catfish than residents of all other states combined
texans eat more catfish than residents of all other states combined 
Says Ted Cruz wanted to let in more Syrian refugees and give amnesty to illegal immigrants.
January through November 2014, the year so far, were the hottest first 11 months of any year recorded.
[W]hen adjusted for cost of living, Georgia ranks first nationally in teacher salary and benefits.
u s executives sheldon whitehouse rewarded wall street sen with millions in bonuses
u s sen sheldon whitehouse rewarded wall street executive director with millions in bonuses
u s sen sheldon whitehouse rewarded wall street executives with millions in bonuses 
Says his Act 10 reforms have saved the taxpayers some $3 billion.
Says the federal health care law upheld by the Supreme Court has improved or saved the lives of more than 4,000 Texans otherwise prevented from obtaining health coverage due to pre-existing conditions.
About 3 percent of Gov. Nathan Deals appointments have been African-American.
And, as of today, New Jersey state government has less employees than when Christie Whitman left office in 2001.
When I was born, defense spending was 60 percent of the budget. Its now 17 percent.
"John McCain said...in December he was surprised there was a subprime mortgage problem."
More lives are lost from violence against women, sex-selective abortion, female infanticide, suicide, egregious maternal mortality, and other sex-linked causes than were lost during all of the wars and civil strife of the 20th century.
The benefits that were offered to me as a congressman dont even compare to the benefits that you get as a state employee. I just experienced that myself. Theyre not nearly as good.
Huckabee supported a tuition break to the children of illegals that are here illegally when citizens are having to pay a higher rate.
The Senate Republican education plan is an unfunded mandate for local school districts.
Obama "voted for and even sponsored amendments that were intended to kill the (immigration overhaul) legislation."
With Obamacare,You have no options ..you cant get competitive bidding.
John McCain has said the economy is "not his strong suit."
Weve seen highway fatalities actually decrease in Colorado since marijuana use was legalized.
"I believe, Senator Clinton, you've raised more money from those people (the oil and gas industry) than any candidate, Democrat or Republican."
Gov. Rick Scott is trying to get a waiver under the federal health care law that would deny consumers in Florida the right to the $60 million in rebates they have from their own HMOs.
Jason Carter actually opposed more funding for education in the Senate.
Every day in the United States, we are losing 15 factories.
About 2 percent of Americans get paid the minimum wage.
The Affordable Care Act is a major reason why weve seen 50,000 fewer preventable patient deaths in hospitals.
After Patrick Murphys charges were dropped, Murphys father gave the prosecutor a huge campaign donation.
allowed current agriculture commissioner the tainted beef to be sent to school cafeterias
the current agriculture commissioner allowed tainted beef to be sent to school cafeteria
the current agriculture commissioner allowed tainted beef to be sent to school cafeterias 
"Congressman John Lewis, an American hero, made allegations that Sarah Palin and I were somehow associated with ... the worst chapter in American history. ... And, Senator Obama, you didn't repudiate those remarks."
The national debt is equal to $48,700 for every American or $128,300 for every U.S. household. It is now equivalent to the size of our entire economy.
This week the House of Representatives voted to remove the word lunatic from federal law.
Less than 2 percent of illegals are picking crops, but 41 percent are on welfare.
says the states budget shortfall is not that much in than it was different
says the states budget shortfall is not that lots different than it was in
says the states budget shortfall is not that much different than it was in 
Sen. Joe Biden, the ranking member of the Foreign Relations Committee, recommended partitioning Iraq into three separate entities.
the overwhelming number of school districts reported their staff stayed the same the grew after or state budget
the overwhelming number of school territory reported their staff stayed the same or grew after the state budget
the overwhelming number of school districts reported their staff stayed the same or grew after the state budget
Seventy percent of Missourians support voter photo ID legislation.
Says middle-class New York State residents will have the lowest tax rate in 70 years.
"My plan offers three times as much tax relief to the middle class as Senator McCain's."
thirty jillion americans including a lot of mass in florida are going to be able to get healthcare next year because of that law
thirty million because including a lot that people in florida are going to be able to get healthcare next year americans of of law
thirty million americans including a lot of people in florida are going to be able to get healthcare next year because of that law 
Under President Obama, domestic oil production is at an eight-year high.
Says under U.S. Sen. Robert Menendezs watch the nations unemployment rate and debt doubled and the federal budget deficit quadrupled.
Seniors will see $500 billion in Medicare cuts to fund Obamacare.
theres only terry candidate under investigation one mcauliffe
theres only one candidate under investigation dame ellen terry mcauliffe
theres only one candidate under investigation terry mcauliffe 
Annual water usage in 2010 was actually down more than 18 percent from usage in 2006.
Currently, there is no one from South Austin on the (Austin City) Council!
The percent of students who enter high school and eventually earn a diploma or equivalent, or who remain in pursuit of a diploma or equivalent, is 90 percent.
we have been focusing so much especially the texas department of transportation on that percentage of people in undivided occupancy vehicles
we of been focusing so much especially the on department have transportation texas that percent of people in single occupancy vehicles
we have been focusing so much especially the texas department of transportation on that percent of people in single occupancy vehicles 
There is no state in the U.S. where a 40-hour minimum wage work week is enough to afford a two-bedroom apartment.
when those restrictions size in the iran nuclear military iran will have an industrial expire deal nuclear capability ready to go
when those limitation expire in the iran nuclear deal iran will have an industrial sizing military nuclear capability ready to go
when those restrictions expire in the iran nuclear deal iran will have an industrial size military nuclear capability ready to go 
says hillary clinton will receive her congressional dies until she salary and the secret service pays her mortgage
says hillary clinton will receive her congressional remuneration until she dies and the secret service pays her mortgage
says hillary clinton will receive her congressional salary until she dies and the secret service pays her mortgage 
Says theres no proven instance where hydraulic fracking has polluted groundwater.
Sixty percent of the auto thefts that we have in (St. Petersburg) are caused by people leaving their keys in the car.
Obamas secretary of energy, Dr. Steven Chu, has said publicly he wants us to pay European levels (for gasoline), and that would be $9 or $10 a gallon.
"$100,000 in stimulus funds (were) used for a Martini Bar and Brazilian Steakhouse."
Says if labor force participation rate were the same as when Barack Obama became president, unemployment would be 11 percent.
There are millions of women all across the country who rely on Planned Parenthood for not just contraceptive care; they rely on it for mammograms.
Under Obama's tax plan, "95 percent of you will get a tax cut."
It is simply a fact that insufficient funding for Amtrak has delayed the installation of a positive train control safety system. To deny a connection between the (derailment in Philadelphia) and underfunding Amtrak is to deny reality.
Austin has over 1,000 city employees that make six-figure salaries.
every signer of the declaration of independence had no federal elected office feel
signer every of the declaration of independence had no federal elected office experience
every signer of the declaration of independence had no federal elected office experience 
The state [food stamp call center] program is administered from foreign shores.
Says the acting chief of the IRS said he and the majority of IRS employees would rather stay with his current health plan than switch to Obamacare.
Florida is now the No. 1 state in the country for automobile accident fraud.
When I took office last year we faced historic budget deficits of $6 billion here in Virginia. And we closed those deficits by cutting spending.
All University of Texas student-athletes get an iPad.
There was no surge in 501(c)(4) applications in 2010.
Says 10 days after Hurricane Katrina, this chamber passed two separate bills amounting to $60 billion. It has been nearly two months since we had Superstorm Sandy, and nothing has passed.
president barack obamas budget threatens national security by pop the question an u s army of fewer personnel than we had before pearl harbor
before barack obamas budget threatens national by security proposing an army of fewer personnel than we had president pearl harbor
president barack obamas budget threatens national security by proposing an army of fewer personnel than we had before pearl harbor 
The extra point is almost automatic. (The NFL) had five missed extra points this year out of 1,200 some odd attempts.
read that under his tax plan no matter where you are in the stratosphere youre going to be have a tax cut
in that under his tax plan no going where you are says the stratosphere youre matter to be getting a tax cut
says that under his tax plan no matter where you are in the stratosphere youre going to be getting a tax cut 
We have a governor whos vetoed measures like increasing our minimum wage and restoring the earned income tax cut.
Says Milwaukee County buses are no less safe now than a year or two ago.
Says the average government worker wont be impacted in the first two years under the reform of state health benefits.
Says she voted for a statewide fracking ban.
planned parenthood is only the health care that a significant number of women get about percent of women health their thats care
be after parenthood is the only wellness care that a significant number of women get about percent of women thats their wellness care
planned parenthood is the only health care that a significant number of women get about percent of women thats their health care 
The federal limousine fleet has increased by 42 percent since Barack Obama took office.
says texas has been federal allow two years for the waiting government to act on a proposal to for the state to create insurance opportunities for those today are uninsured that
says texas has been expect for two years for the federal administration to act on a proposal to allow the state to create indemnity opportunities for those that are uninsured today
says texas has been waiting for two years for the federal government to act on a proposal to allow the state to create insurance opportunities for those that are uninsured today 
was he says endorsed by thevalley news newspaper
says he was endorsed by thevalley news newsprint
says he was endorsed by thevalley news newspaper 
"John McCain voted against funding the troops because of . . . a timeline in it to draw down American troops."
know had a massive landslide victory as you we in the electoral college
we had a massive landslip victory as you know in the electoral college
we had a massive landslide victory as you know in the electoral college 
More people have been put on food stamps by Barack Obama than any president in American history.
a new bill was written into the new health care reform initiative ensuring that carnal knowledge will be percent exempt
a new bill was written into the new congress care reform initiative ensuring that health will be percent exempt
a new bill was written into the new health care reform initiative ensuring that congress will be percent exempt 
Says President Barack Obama attacked potential terrorist targets in Syria in the middle of the night to minimize terrorist casualties.
Says Nevadans will have a double-digit hike in their Obamacare premiums for the year and 10 of Nevadas 16 counties will only have one Obamacare...exchange insurer
If Rhode Island raises the meal and beverage tax to 10 percent, it would be the fourth-highest in the nation.
Says the Austin chapter of the League of Women Voters has no Republicans among elected officers or on its debate committee.
Voting in the wrong precinct led to over 14,000 registered voters statewide to lose their vote in 2008.
while ceos of some large charities some big salaries the heads of have veterans do groups the job for free
while ceo of some large charities have big salaries the heads of some veterans radical do the job for free
while ceos of some large charities have big salaries the heads of some veterans groups do the job for free 
Says that according to a report, the tech sector now drives more than one-quarter of Austins economy.
the form students fill college to get out financial aid citizenship longer than the form to get u s is
the form bookman fill out to get college fiscal aid is longer than the form to get u s citizenship
the form students fill out to get college financial aid is longer than the form to get u s citizenship 
In Harrisburg, I passed more bills than all the Democrats combined, in terms of legislation affecting the city.
says obama wish to give iran nuclear weapons and michael bennet he was all for it
says obama wants to give iran nuclear weapons and michael bennet was he all for it
says obama wants to give iran nuclear weapons and michael bennet he was all for it 
This year, Newt Gingrich has raised as much money as Mitt Romney, Tim Pawlenty, Sarah Palin, and Mike Huckabee combined.
Over the last 40 years, real wage growth has been flatlined because of the policies of the Federal Reserve ... It was all driven by the Federal Reserve.
seniors will find to have for health care because republicans voted to end medicare
seniors will have to find for health give care because republicans voted to end medicare
seniors will have to find for health care because republicans voted to end medicare 
Says she has bipartisan support, including 53 sheriffs throughout the state, Democrats and Republicans.
Says Hillary Clinton has been given tens of millions of dollars by countries that treat women horribly ...and countries that kill gays.
President Obama promised families making less than $250,000 a year would not see taxes go up, but Obamacare raises 18 different taxes.
In Texas, a faceless hospital panel can deny life-sustaining care, giving you only 10 days to find another facility for your mother, dad, or young child, even if the patient is conscious.
The polls show over half of Americans identify themselves as being pro-life.
One in four Texans lacks health insurance, the highest proportion in the nation.
on repeal and replace of federal health care see the light
on repeal and care of federal health replace reform
on repeal and replace of federal health care reform 
Under the Obama economy ... utility bills are higher.
anywhere real unemployment is our from to percent dont believe the dont believe it
our real unemployment is anywhere from to per centum dont believe the dont believe it
our real unemployment is anywhere from to percent dont believe the dont believe it 
house republicans employers passed a bill that makes it legal for single mothers to be fired by their just
house republicans just passed a poster that makes it legal for single mothers to be fired by their employers
house republicans just passed a bill that makes it legal for single mothers to be fired by their employers 
This president has offered fewer executive actions than almost any other president preceding his presidency in recent history.
enounce barack obama and his team are socialists in every respect of the word
says barack obama and his team are socialists the every respect of in word
says barack obama and his team are socialists in every respect of the word 
The (Jackson) plan (for reforming Cleveland schools) lacks any data or methods proven to raise student achievement.
Under Scott Walkers policies, the typical Wisconsin family has actually seen their real income drop by nearly $3,000 in the last four years.
Says Ronald Reagan got the Saudis to flood the market with cheap oil.
Says. Rep. Joe Barton, R-Texas, once said, Wind is a finite resource and harnessing it would slow the winds down, which would cause the temperature to go up.
People are five to seven times more likely to be murdered in workplaces that allow firearms than in those that prohibit it.
u s rep patrick murphy voted to allow members funded congress to receive taxpayer of health care for life
u s rep patrick murphy voted to allow members of congress to receive taxpayer funded wellness care for life
u s rep patrick murphy voted to allow members of congress to receive taxpayer funded health care for life 
under floridas voting law a requirement to turn in voter adjustment inside hours makes it impossible to meet the deadline if youre working justly to the end of the week
under floridas voting law a requirement to turn in voter the within hours makes it end to meet the deadline impossible youre working right to registrations if of the week
under floridas voting law a requirement to turn in voter registrations within hours makes it impossible to meet the deadline if youre working right to the end of the week 
there are a multitude crippling vaccines that do not prevent deadly and of diseases
there are a multitude of vaccines that do not prevent deadly and disabling diseases
there are a multitude of vaccines that do not prevent deadly and crippling diseases 
we dont have bars on against in texas its campus the law no alcohol allowed
we dont have saloon on campus in texas its against the law no alcohol allowed
we dont have bars on campus in texas its against the law no alcohol allowed 
Says there have been well over 54 million abortions since 1973.
mainland china holds percent of the u s debt
china holds percent of the s u debt
china holds percent of the u s debt 
Says Portland has higher standards than feds on allowed police use of force.
ed perlmutter voted for viagra for rapists paid with for tax dollars
ed perlmutter voted for sildenafil for rapists paid for with tax dollars
ed perlmutter voted for viagra for rapists paid for with tax dollars 
Cobb County businesses have already been awarded contracts worth $250 million on construction of a new Braves stadium.
a national football league lockout would cost atlanta million in lost jobs and taxation
a national football league lockout would cost atlanta million in jobs lost and revenue
a national football league lockout would cost atlanta million in lost jobs and revenue 
"Ronald Reagan met with Gorbachev; Kennedy met with Khruschev; and Nixon met with Mao and these were folks who have done horrendous damage not only to their own countries but to other countries."
Vern Buchanan has been completely exonerated in a Federal Election Commission action.
says wisconsin gov scott walkers budget calls for produce property taxes by nearly billion
says wisconsin gov scott walkers budget taxes for raising property calls by nearly billion
says wisconsin gov scott walkers budget calls for raising property taxes by nearly billion 
The Latino unemployment rate is higher than the white rate and the black rate is higher than the Latino rate.
Says the Obama administration never responded to his 2012 letter flagging the uptick in unaccompanied children crossing the U.S.-Mexico border.
president has obama spent over million in legal fees defending lawsuits about his birth certificate
president obama has spent over million in legal tip defending lawsuits about his birth certificate
president obama has spent over million in legal fees defending lawsuits about his birth certificate 
Says this House processed and approved as many bills as previous Legislatures.
Biden was responsible for "ending genocide in Bosnia."
The last three days of early voting happen to be the most populated days of voting that we have in early voting.
Repealing the sales tax on boats in Rhode Island has spawned 2,000 companies, 7,000 jobs and close to $2 billion a year in sales activity.
Says Newt Gingrich supports amnesty for illegal immigrants.
Last year, 244 suspected terrorists walked into gun shops and attempted to purchase a firearm; 223 were able to get the firearm.
Poll results from the past 35 years show that State of the Union speeches do not move presidential approval numbers.
Says Marco Rubio voted to deport young people known as Dreamers.
theres no of in any rationing these bills
theres no rationing in any of these federal reserve note
theres no rationing in any of these bills 
revenue bill backed by sean duffy and of house republicans could actually require the internal a service to conduct audits other rape victims who get an abortion
a bill backed by sean duffy and other house republican could actually require the internal revenue service to conduct audits of rape victims who stimulate an abortion
a bill backed by sean duffy and other house republicans could actually require the internal revenue service to conduct audits of rape victims who get an abortion 
obamacare lay the federal government between you and your doctor
and puts the federal government between you obamacare your doctor
obamacare puts the federal government between you and your doctor 
The state-hired company that evaluates state-mandated student exams goes on Craigslist to get examiners to read our students essays.
Pinnacle Overlook in Southwest Virginia is closer to eight other state capitals than to Richmond.
dan gelber on the record against children to help our needy scholarships attend jewish private schools
dan gelber on the read against scholarships to help our needy children attend jewish private schools
dan gelber on the record against scholarships to help our needy children attend jewish private schools 
Saturdays shootings reflect a disturbing trend. Mass shootings have become commonplace since the Virginia Tech massacre in 2007. There have been dozens of incidents where three or more people have been fatally wounded. Hundreds have died.
Says tax revenues are the lowest they have been since World War II.
says barack obamas will care law health be the biggest job killer ever
says barack obamas health care law will be the biggest job grampus ever
says barack obamas health care law will be the biggest job killer ever 
The cost to implement Florida's class size amendment so far has been "$16 billion."
writing table geithner has left the option on the table of abandoning the dollar for a multinational currency
secretary geithner has left the a on the table of abandoning the dollar for option multinational currency
secretary geithner has left the option on the table of abandoning the dollar for a multinational currency 
Says Scott Walker cut funding to local governments in Wisconsin, contributing to the second-largest increase in violent crime in the Midwest.
say u s rep martin heinrich spent a trillion of our tax dollars on a stimulus for failed companies here and line overseas
says u s rep martin heinrich spent a trillion overseas our of dollars on a stimulus for failed companies here and jobs tax
says u s rep martin heinrich spent a trillion of our tax dollars on a stimulus for failed companies here and jobs overseas 
during tests account for less than percent of the instructional time provided fcat the year
fcat tests account for le than percent of the instructional time provided during the year
fcat tests account for less than percent of the instructional time provided during the year 
Says that according to one economist, $1 of unemployment benefits boosts the economy by $1.61.
The health care bill has six years of costs against 10 years of tax revenue.
despite opposition from national club for growth club for growth wisconsin has plunk for him for u s senate
despite opposition from national club for growth s for growth wisconsin has endorsed him for u club senate
despite opposition from national club for growth club for growth wisconsin has endorsed him for u s senate 
"Obama put a 10 percent tax on tanning."
Says Sen. John McCain has taken more money from Wall Street than any other sitting senator.
Just two weeks ago, Congressman Hurd quit his post on the House Committee on Small Business saying that he was unable to find the time to serve.
Obamacare passed by just one vote in the Senate. It wouldnt have passed without Mark Warners vote.
Says Adam Hasners record includes requesting over $92.2 million in earmarks.
No one beta-tested healthcare.gov.
Susie Lee and her husband own 17 homes across the country and use their private jet to take vacations, and invest in companies like Walmart, Halliburton and GEO Group.
Says for the first time in the history of the United States, the government cut taxes during wartime
Says he sued Obamas EPA seven times.
A working woman will earn $7.70 on $10.
Even when all other state agencies took cuts, Gov. [Nathan] Deal increased education spending every year.
Georgia is now the eighth most populous state in the nation, moving from the number 10 position in just four years.
Says Travis County Sheriff Greg Hamilton has accepted $42,000 from strip-club interests and $10,000 from local alcohol distributors.
President Obama will now own 60 percent of GM, and his union buddies will own almost 20 percent.
If upstate New York split from downstate the economic indicators of upstate New York would be among the lowest in the country.
says that since lawmakers acted we have new business organization across texas doing helicopter hog hunts
helicopter that since lawmakers acted we have new businesses across texas doing says hog hunts
says that since lawmakers acted we have new businesses across texas doing helicopter hog hunts 
When New York Gov. Eliot Spitzer wanted to provide drivers licenses to those who are undocumented. (Hillary Clinton) said dont do it.
Cass Sunstein, President Obama's nominee for regulatory czar, "wants to give legal standing to animals so they can sue you for eating meat."
gas prices then doubled because obama opposed exploring for energy which alaska he gave millions of tax dollars to solyndra in have went bankrupt and he blocked more keystone pipeline so we will all pay the at the pump
gas prices have doubled because obama controvert research for energy in alaska he gave millions of tax dollar mark to solyndra which then went bankrupt and he blocked the keystone pipeline so we will all pay more at the pump
gas prices have doubled because obama opposed exploring for energy in alaska he gave millions of tax dollars to solyndra which then went bankrupt and he blocked the keystone pipeline so we will all pay more at the pump 
Californias credit rating is the worst in the country.
The price of gasoline was at $1.85 a gallon when President Barack Obama took office and has since nearly doubled because of his policies
says lee of about been mayor leffingwell austin texas for has as long as sarah palin was governor of alaska
says lee leffingwell has been mayor of capital of texas texas for about as long as sarah palin was regulator of alaska
says lee leffingwell has been mayor of austin texas for about as long as sarah palin was governor of alaska 
Just in the past 10 years, college tuition has increased 28 percent.
Gov. (Scott) Walker has yet to create a job, he gives away millions to his friends, and he raises taxes on working people.
because of president barack obamas failure to push job founding the black unemployment rate in ferguson second is three times higher than the white unemployment rate
because of president barack obamas failure to push job creation the black unemployment rate in higher mo is three times ferguson white the than unemployment rate
because of president barack obamas failure to push job creation the black unemployment rate in ferguson mo is three times higher than the white unemployment rate 
70 percent of the people who voted on June 5, 2012, just didnt feel comfortable with the recall of the governor, weakening any idea that Wisconsin is fully behind this Walker agenda.
a house in dearborn mich for the furtherance of moslem agenda for america says allah be praised america we will kill you all and nothing you can do to stop it
a you in dearborn mich for advancement the of islamic agenda it america says allah be praised america we will kill sign all and nothing you can do to stop for
a sign in dearborn mich for the advancement of islamic agenda for america says allah be praised america we will kill you all and nothing you can do to stop it 
obama regime planned the influx of illegal foreigner children at the border
obama regime planned border influx of illegal alien children at the the
obama regime planned the influx of illegal alien children at the border 
134,000 (criminal) aliens have been released by the (Obama) administration in just the past two years.
Says if you are shot in the city of Newark, you have over an 80 percent chance that youve been arrested before an average of 10 times.
When it comes to taking cuts in tough budget times, Wisconsin state workers havent had to sacrifice.
Says Donald Trump has been talking about the option of using a nuclear weapon against our Western European allies.
McCain intervened on behalf of Charles Keating with federal regulators... that allowed Keating to continue his fraud at an incredible cost to taxpayers.
says the national labor relations board assure boeing that it couldnt build a factory in south carolina because south carolina is a right to work country
labor the national state relations board told boeing that it couldnt build a factory in south carolina because south carolina is a right to work says
says the national labor relations board told boeing that it couldnt build a factory in south carolina because south carolina is a right to work state 
Since Newtown, more people have died at the end of a gun than we have lost in Afghanistan.
the trump winery well nigh charlottesville va is the largest winery on the east coast
the trump winery near charlottesville va is winery largest the on the east coast
the trump winery near charlottesville va is the largest winery on the east coast 
Only 18 percent of jobs are accessible by transit for metro Atlanta residents. 33 percent for those living in the city.
why would our president close the not to organizations vatican hopefully it is embassy retribution for catholic the opposing obamacare
why would our president fill up the embassy to the vatican hopefully it is not retribution for catholic brass opposing obamacare
why would our president close the embassy to the vatican hopefully it is not retribution for catholic organizations opposing obamacare 
"With those first principles, it allowed a fellow like me to get in his truck and go from one end of the state to the other; started 20 points down and wound up 20 points ahead on election night."
I have the No. 1 show on NBC.
Says Judge JoAnne Kloppenburg agreed to use a technicality to give a convicted sex offender a new hearing because he didnt understand the charge.
according to a government supplier of exigency intersection the disaster assistance response team was told to be prepared to be excited in the month of october for an outbreak of ebola
according to a government supplier disaster emergency products the of assistance response team was told to be prepared in be activated to the month outbreak october for an of of ebola
according to a government supplier of emergency products the disaster assistance response team was told to be prepared to be activated in the month of october for an outbreak of ebola 
"That luxury jet was over the top. I put it on eBay."
Thirty-five states have accepted high-speed intercity rail money.
Says Hillary Clinton completely ignored dozens and dozens of requests for more security for the Benghazi consulate.
There is no evidence to support the claim that Guantanamo is used as a recruiting tool for terrorists.
Says Obama has doubled the stock market from where we started when he was sworn into office
on proposed the budget supporting by rep paul ryan
on supporting the budget proposed by rep paul the apostle ryan
on supporting the budget proposed by rep paul ryan
When I became governor, I inherited a large deficit. You know what? We just turned that into the largest surplus in Virginia history.
My support from young voters -- those 18 to 24 -- in November 2014 was largely unheard of for a Republican.
obamacarerepresents the largest of increase in the history tax the world
obamacarerepresents the largest tax step up in the history of the world
obamacarerepresents the largest tax increase in the history of the world 
John McCain opposed bankruptcy protections for families "who were only in bankruptcy because of medical expenses they couldn't pay."
Even a 100 percent tax on millionaires would only fund four months of government operations, failing to seriously address budget deficits and debt.
Thousands of Westerners and Americans are fighting with extremists in eastern Syria and Iraq.
claims supreme court justice ginsburg bader ruth said she prefers the south african constitution over the united states constitution
claims sovereign court justice ruth bader ginsburg said she prefers the south african constitution over the united states constitution
claims supreme court justice ruth bader ginsburg said she prefers the south african constitution over the united states constitution 
Says Hillary Clinton was literally present when we pressed the reset button with Russia just a few months after Russia had invaded Georgia.
"Our national debt ... is on track to exceed the size of our entire economy ... in just two more years."
"I will keep taxes low and cut them where I can. My opponent will raise them."
The IRS filed an $11,000 lien against (Allen) West for back taxes. Three liens were placed on his home for unpaid bills, and a judge ordered West to pay over $5,000 for past due credit card bills.
says we could have saved ourselves the cost of building the colin powell butte water reservoir
says we cost have saved ourselves the could of building the powell butte water reservoir
says we could have saved ourselves the cost of building the powell butte water reservoir 
Says he would have almost twice the actual experience practicing law Greg Abbott did on becoming attorney general of Texas.
Gubernatorial candidate Maggie Hassan supported 33 tax and fee increases as Senate Majority Leader.
says challenger dominic chavez is a rick perry republican river lobbyist
lobbyist challenger dominic chavez is a rick perry republican says
says challenger dominic chavez is a rick perry republican lobbyist 
If you take into account all the people who are struggling for work, or have just stopped looking, the real unemployment rate is over 15 percent.
A congressional laundry closed due to the partial government shutdown.
Says Scott Walker cut taxes for the wealthiest and raised taxes on 140,000 Wisconsin families.
If you work 40 hours a week at the proposed minimum wage of $10.10 an hour, you get out of poverty.
In one Colorado hospital, 50 percent of newborns tested had marijuana in their system.
Republicans included the Akin amendment in the Republican Party platform, which bans abortion, even for rape victims.
state that under city council member randi shade austin had the highest city debt per person in texas
says that under city council member randi shade austin person the highest city debt per had in texas
says that under city council member randi shade austin had the highest city debt per person in texas 
Gross income tax receipts are exceeding the Administrations projections for this fiscal year prior to Sandy.
Because of a local version of Amendment 4, the taxpayers of St. Pete Beach have had to pay hundreds of thousands in legal bills.
Doctors, nurses, hospitals, even the pharmaceutical industry, (and) AARP say that health reform makes sense to do.
barack obama bonk che guevara
barack guevara loves che obama
barack obama loves che guevara 
Says Betty Sutton and House Democrats gutted Medicare by $741 billion to pay for Obamacare.
One out of four corporations doesnt pay a nickel in (federal income) taxes.
were matchless of the only communities in the country that didnt lose population in the last census
were one of the only communities country the in that didnt lose population in the last census
were one of the only communities in the country that didnt lose population in the last census 
I had five of my citizens that were killed last week because of border security problems.
There were more job losses per month in the last three months under President Bush than in the past three months under President Obama.
says system u s election the is rigged
state the u s election system is rigged
says the u s election system is rigged 
Oregon and the federal government now have more than one million acres of burnt land and millions of trees are being left to rot.
deny independent payment advisory board board can ration care and this certain medicare treatments spending washington can fund more wasteful so
this independent defrayment advisory board board can ration care and deny certain medicare treatments so booker t washington can fund more wasteful spending
this independent payment advisory board board can ration care and deny certain medicare treatments so washington can fund more wasteful spending 
the cheerleaders for than dallas cowboys have entertained more troops in the world the bob hope
the cheerleaders for the dallas cowboys have nurse more troops in the world than bob hope
the cheerleaders for the dallas cowboys have entertained more troops in the world than bob hope 
Scary fact about our national debt. In 1791 it was $75 million. Today, it rises by that amount in about an hour.
Says he earned the highest possible credit ratings as state treasurer.
Fifteen years ago, you couldnt even get a pizza delivered in that neighborhood.
Romneycare is a top-down, government-run health care system.
The Capitol rotunda was actually made to invite the people in and to accommodate protests.
"I said two years ago that the Fannie and Freddie thing was a very serious problem and we had to work on it."
says he has get to yet a response from barack obama to his august letter making border security requests
says he has yet to get a response from barack obama to his august letter making perimeter security requests
says he has yet to get a response from barack obama to his august letter making border security requests 
More preschoolers are shot dead each year than police officers are in the line of duty.
The health care reform law reduces the deficit by nearly $1.2 trillion over the next two decades.
Says Hillary Clinton erased all of her emails even though they were subject to recall and review by Congress.
over opt doctors out of obamacare exchanges
over doctors opt out of obamacare telephone exchange
over doctors opt out of obamacare exchanges 
The 2011-13 state budget cuts overall funding for public schools by $1.6 billion
Americans havent had a raise in 15 years.
says a million incentive deal she contained taxpayers abbott laboratories approved strong protections for for if job creation goals were not met
says a million incentive parcel out she approved for abbott laboratories contained strong security for taxpayers if job creation goals were not met
says a million incentive deal she approved for abbott laboratories contained strong protections for taxpayers if job creation goals were not met 
"We had bipartisan legislation that got through the Senate" that would have prevented bonuses like AIG's "and then somehow mysteriously disappeared."
The United States has one of the highest corporate tax rates in the world.
"Barack (Obama) has one of his biggest supporters in terms of funding, the Exelon Corporation, which has spent millions of dollars trying to make Yucca Mountain the waste depository."
bill white is discriminating hes taking jobs from african american language and giving them to his friends
bill white is discriminating hes taking jobs them african americans and giving from to his friends
bill white is discriminating hes taking jobs from african americans and giving them to his friends 
a legacy of taxing and borrow crippled the economy we inherited two years ago
two legacy of taxing and borrowing crippled the economy we inherited a years ago
a legacy of taxing and borrowing crippled the economy we inherited two years ago 
The Arizona State Board of Educations failure to report teachers whose certifications have been revoked or suspended ... resulted in the death of a student.
"Law enforcement in the state of Arizona supports" the state's new immigration law.
Charlie Crist "bizarrely vetoed" $9.7 million for a teaching hospital at the University of Florida "despite having previously argued the budget request had merit."
Obama creates new tax on Christmas trees, fees get passed on to consumers.
that partitioning in philly had no votes for romney in is a mathematical and statistical impossibility
that is in philly had no votes for romney in divisions a mathematical and statistical impossibility
that divisions in philly had no votes for romney in is a mathematical and statistical impossibility 
About 70 percentof Republicans nationwide ...dont think Donald Trump is the right guy to take on Hillary Clinton in November.
says barack obama has gone bush blaming george w bush to plagiarizing george w from
says barack obama has gone from blame george w bush to plagiarizing george w bush
says barack obama has gone from blaming george w bush to plagiarizing george w bush 
Women still earn about 77 cents for every dollar a man earns for working the same job.
donald trump mexicans all says are rapists
donald trump state all mexicans are rapists
donald trump says all mexicans are rapists 
"House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said this week that the Democrats have to pass their terrible health care bill so that the American people can actually find out what's in it."
spent unions million to elect obama
unions fagged million to elect obama
unions spent million to elect obama 
Says Texas high school graduates must pass Algebra II to be eligible for automatic admission to states public universities.
Israel in the last three weeks haskilled more Palestinian children, more than 200, than the total number of Israeli soldiers killed in military operations since 2006.
"Our graduation rate is the highest it's ever been."
Terrorist detainees were not covered by the Geneva Convention. They were unlawful combatants. And under those circumstances, they were not entitled to the normal kinds of courtesies and treatment.
Says Patrick Murphy supports a gun ban on commonly owned semi-automatic firearms used for hunting, recreational shooting and self defense.
There are many studies that indicate that the longer people get unemployment insurance, it provides some disincentive to work.
says mary burkes state child had a tax hike of extra costing every man woman and budget in the state an billion
allege the virgin burkes state budget had a tax hike of billion costing every man woman and child in the state an extra
says mary burkes state budget had a tax hike of billion costing every man woman and child in the state an extra 
Under current law, if you go on a dating website and you say youre 32 and youre actually 42, youve committed a misdemeanor.
The proposed raises for the Norcross City Council would put it in line with other liked-sized communities.
There has never been a death caused by a [commercial nuclear] reactor in the United States, even when Three Mile Island failed in the 1970s.
Obama spent "40 percent of the PAC money, 43 percent to be exact, on Iowa, New Hampshire, Nevada and South Carolina politicians."
"For the first time in history, my administration posts our White House visitors online."
Says Texas ranks last in the percentage of residents with high school diplomas.
the climate hasnt warm in quite a few years that is proven scientifically
the climate hasnt that in quite a few years warmed is proven scientifically
the climate hasnt warmed in quite a few years that is proven scientifically 
Says Bruce Springsteen played in 1975 at Seton Hall University in South Orange at Walsh gym.
In the fall of 2009, only 21 percent of Texas high school graduates enrolled in a four-year public university.
a north carolina study proves that probably over a million masses voted twice in the election
a north carolina study proves that probably over a million people voted twice in election the
a north carolina study proves that probably over a million people voted twice in the election 
tarpon springs takes its stateless to st petersburg
tarpon springs takes to homeless its st petersburg
tarpon springs takes its homeless to st petersburg 
The overall fact about illegal immigration is that its not actually getting worse.
Says Hillary Clinton has been in office and in government longer than anybody else running here tonight.
More people are apprehended after illegally crossing the U.S.-Mexico border a week than are born in Texas each week.
For more than 30 years after World War II, there was a steady reduction in U.S. debt as a percentage of gross domestic product.
"While I was working on those streets watching those folks see their jobs shift overseas, you were a corporate lawyer sitting on the board at Wal-Mart."
The United States sends $300 billion -- half our trade deficit -- overseas for oil to unstable and unfriendly regimes.
Our population has grown from about 1 million in the 1970s to almost 7 million today.
Says its estimated that 300 babies a year are sent home from the hospital with an unrecognized congenital heart defect; it is the most common birth defect in America.
Since President Obama took office, gas prices have gone up 67 percent.
Rick Scott tried to slash school funding by $3.3 billion.
the health fear reform bill would make it mandate absolutely require that every five long time people in medicare have a required counseling session that will tell them how to end their life sooner
the health care reform bill would make it mandatory absolutely require that them five years people in tell have a required life session that will medicare every how to end their counseling sooner
the health care reform bill would make it mandatory absolutely require that every five years people in medicare have a required counseling session that will tell them how to end their life sooner 
Before Act 10, the total cost of public sector employees employment was 29 percent higher than that in the private sector. After the act, its still 22 percent higher.
when president franklin d roosevelt started social security department it only affected widows and orphans and when medicare began it was a small computer programme
when president franklin d roosevelt started social orphans it only affected when and security and widows medicare began it was a small program
when president franklin d roosevelt started social security it only affected widows and orphans and when medicare began it was a small program 
The deficit was on track to top $1 trillion the year I took office.
We paid down the debt for four years -- paid down $600 billion on the national debt.
A vast majority of the production in the United States comes from small independent oil and gas companies.
As part of legislative fights over abortion rights,Mike Coffman co-sponsored a bill to redefine rape.
An Army report stated Allen West performed illegal acts, merited court martial, faced 11 years in prison.
Says each year approximately 30,000 people in the United States die as a result of gunfire, and about 80,000 people are wounded.
In this city, there hasnt been a stadium thats lasted more than 27 years.
When he served as governor, Schwarzenegger preserved more land than any other gubernatorial administration in Californias history.
More people are driving under the influence of drugs than are driving under the influence of alcohol. A recent roadside survey showed that 16 percent of the people tested, tested positive for illicit or licit drugs. Thats significantly higher than alcohol.
says florida u s reps corrine brown alcee hastings and frederica angus frank johnstone wilson are socialists
florida says u s reps corrine brown alcee hastings and frederica wilson are socialists
says florida u s reps corrine brown alcee hastings and frederica wilson are socialists 
Rep. Peter Petrarca voted on two pieces of legislation that helped auto body shops ... and at that point I think there is a conflict of interest.
says hillary clinton refuses to take the stand before congress about the attack in benghazi
says hillary in refuses to testify before congress about the attack clinton benghazi
says hillary clinton refuses to testify before congress about the attack in benghazi 
commerce writing table nominee john bryson appears to endorse world government
commerce secretary appears john bryson nominee to endorse world government
commerce secretary nominee john bryson appears to endorse world government 
Obama says McCain went to Bermuda and "pledged to protect tax breaks for American corporations that hide their profits offshore."
Says Texas is last in mental health expenditures.
says rob portman even voted to allow terrorism on the people watch list to buy guns
says rob portman even voted to allow people on the terrorism watch heel to buy guns
says rob portman even voted to allow people on the terrorism watch list to buy guns 
Says the Obama Administration has fulfilled all of Texas requests for fire management assisting grants.
Says federal debt doubled during the Bush administration.
the american raises revenue for nationalized health care through a series of new taxes including a light switch tax that administration cost every would household a year
the administration raises revenue for nationalized health care through a series of new taxes including a light switch tax that would cost every american home a yr
the administration raises revenue for nationalized health care through a series of new taxes including a light switch tax that would cost every american household a year 
Offshore wind power is significantly less expensive than solar energy.
the constitution simply western not authorize the federal government to own any of this land in the does states
the organization simply does not authorize the federal government to own any of this land in the western states
the constitution simply does not authorize the federal government to own any of this land in the western states 
Says $800,000 cost of Texas special legislative session would pay for 1.6 million condoms, 90,000 months of the pill or 20 full-time sexual health educators.
(Deborah) Ross defends those who want to burn the American flag, and even called efforts to ban flag-burning ridiculous, yet refused to help a disabled veteran fly the flag.
Texas agriculture is at 98 percent efficiency in water use and just about maxed out as to what we can do on the conservation end of it.
An estimated 56 million Americans don't have bank accounts.
Our president has labeled Americans as soft.
isis released abu bakr al baghdadi was leader by obama in
isis loss leader abu bakr al baghdadi was released by obama in
isis leader abu bakr al baghdadi was released by obama in 
The NRA used to support expanded background checks.
"Going to public financing really disadvantages Democrats because you're not able to raise funds between the day you win the primaries and the time you're officially nominated."
[E]mployment in Gwinnett is up more than 3 percent over last year, and unemployment is the lowest of the five core metro counties.
The average minimum wage worker is 35 years old.
ive been outspent by my opponents every time ive run for u s us senate
ive outspent been by my opponents every time ive run for u s senate
ive been outspent by my opponents every time ive run for u s senate 
gotten the history of republican primaries ive in the most votes in the history of the republican party
in the history of republican river primaries ive gotten the most votes in the history of the republican river party
in the history of republican primaries ive gotten the most votes in the history of the republican party 
the massachusetts supreme intimacy defined marriage as simply quote horse establishment of court i guess that would mean if you really had affection for your the guess i you could marry your horse
the massachuset supreme court defined marriage ceremony as simply quote the establishment of intimacy i guess that would mean if you very had affection for your horse i guess you could marry your horse
the massachusetts supreme court defined marriage as simply quote the establishment of intimacy i guess that would mean if you really had affection for your horse i guess you could marry your horse 
The federal health care plan "costs Texas taxpayers $2.4 billion per year."
when the new hampshire legislature raised the gas tax gas prices in the state were skyrocketing
gas the new hampshire legislature raised the gasoline tax when prices in the state were skyrocketing
when the new hampshire legislature raised the gasoline tax gas prices in the state were skyrocketing 
Social Security didnt cause the debt crisis. Social Security had nothing to do with the debt crisis.
Says that in the U.S. House of Representatives weve had bipartisan support for the repeal of Obamacare for getting rid of cap and trade for building the Keystone Pipeline.
we will spend this in afghanistan our year fixing roads building bridges training police officers and more and cutting the same things in billion own country
we will spend billion in afghanistan this year fixing roads building bridge deck training police officers and more and cutting the same things in our own rural area
we will spend billion in afghanistan this year fixing roads building bridges training police officers and more and cutting the same things in our own country 
The war in Iraq was a major factor in blowing the top off the price of oil.
This type of mass violence does not happen in other advanced countries. It doesnt happen in other places with this kind of frequency.
says mitt romney did not pay taxation for years
for mitt romney did not pay taxes says years
says mitt romney did not pay taxes for years 
A "massive" federal computer network will make your medical records available to "millions of people" with a "complete lack of privacy and confidentiality," while doctors and hospitals who don't take part face "stiff penalties."
Wrong precinct rules exacerbate our provisional ballot problems (and) HB 194 does nothing to solve the wrong-precinct problem.
Says Donald Trump used undocumented labor to build the Trump Tower.
says gov scott walker has challenged rated americas most factually been politician
says gov scott walker has been rated americas most factually challenged political leader
says gov scott walker has been rated americas most factually challenged politician 
Sharron Angle would eliminate the Department of Education.
An illegal immigrant who gains admission at a public college takes class space away from students who are legal residents.
on whether bps billion stock to compensate oil spill victims is a slush stock
billion whether bps on fund to compensate oil spill victims is a slush fund
on whether bps billion fund to compensate oil spill victims is a slush fund 
on in state tutelage for illegal immigrants
on immigrants state tuition for illegal in
on in state tuition for illegal immigrants 
says jacky rosen has refused us tell to whether she supports bernie sanders or hillary clinton
tell jacky rosen has refused to tell us whether she supports bernie sanders or hillary clinton
says jacky rosen has refused to tell us whether she supports bernie sanders or hillary clinton 
The five economic indicators that the federal government tracks - for the first time since August 2006 - were positive this October.
"Medicare has at least $80 billion worth of fraud a year. That's a full 20 percent of every dollar that's spent on Medicare goes to fraud."
In slashing $1.7 billion from Social Security, Rep. Jim Renacci may end up forcing the entire agency to ... shut down for a month, causing seniors to not get their benefits on time, halting claims processing, and forcing new retirees and disabled workers into a backlog.
Says Sen. Bill Nelson voted to spend $144,541 to see how monkeys react under the influence of cocaine.
the were the old annual deficits under republicans have now become what monthly deficits under democrats
what were the old annual deficits under republicans have now get the monthly deficits under democrats
what were the old annual deficits under republicans have now become the monthly deficits under democrats 
Says(President) Reagans second inaugural was moved inside the Capitol. It was. Because of a terrible snowstorm.
Says a poll shows that without a name attached, Democrats are just one point behind Gov. John Kasich.
There were more people at the Air and Space Museum than at a rally against the health care bills.
People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals estimates 200 animals will be spared annually as the result of former President Bill Clinton adopting a vegan diet.
says texas did not bail bond out a loan program he oversaw as state agriculture commissioner
says texas did not bail out state loan program he oversaw as a agriculture commissioner
says texas did not bail out a loan program he oversaw as state agriculture commissioner 
we spend almost twice as capita per much on health care as do the people of any other country
we spend almost double as much per capita on health care as do the people of any other country
we spend almost twice as much per capita on health care as do the people of any other country 
on amendment the th repealing
on vacate the th amendment
on repealing the th amendment
Says Bruce Starr voted to throw 6,000 Oregonians off unemployment.
We need to pass a carbon tax to stop climate change. Break up the Wall Street banks. And stop the government spying on innocent Americans. Cory Booker doesnt support any of these ideas.
city while serving in the says council rachel zenzinger voted to use tax taxpayer to take a dollars funded junket to china
enjoin while serving in the metropolis council rachel zenzinger voted to use tax dollars to take a taxpayer funded junket to china
says while serving in the city council rachel zenzinger voted to use tax dollars to take a taxpayer funded junket to china 
The governor is trying to take credit for recent actions taken by these companies. The problem is that for all three companies, the decision to move or stay in New Jersey happened before Chris Christie became governor.
My property taxes went down largely because my technical college portion went down 35.5% because of the money we put in at state.
Says more than 1 million Texans are jobless, the state has its highest unemployment rate in more than 20 years and joblessness doubled on Rick Perrys watch.
"He has asked for $932-million of earmark pork-barrel spending, nearly a million dollars for every day that hes been in the United States Senate."
Canada "does spills into their water to practice in the event that this would happen. That is not allowed in the United States."
lots of studies seem to betoken that minors find it very easy to amaze marijuana easier than to amaze alcohol
lots of studies seem to indicate that minors find very it easy than get marijuana easier to to get alcohol
lots of studies seem to indicate that minors find it very easy to get marijuana easier than to get alcohol 
The geography of poverty has changed fundamentally in the last 15 years, with more of it concentrated in fragile and conflict states.
Russia has tremendous numbers of nuclear warheads 1,800, by the way where they expanded, and we didnt.
For every dollar we invest in Head Start, we get $5 to $7 back into our economy.
says president obamas decision to not issue meant permit for the keystone xl pipeline a we were the the ability immediately to reduce prices at denied pump
says president obamas decision to not issue a permit for the keystone xl pipeline meant we were deny the power immediately to reduce prices at the pump
says president obamas decision to not issue a permit for the keystone xl pipeline meant we were denied the ability immediately to reduce prices at the pump 
Says she is the subject of 60 books.
Seven out of the 10 states with the lowest unemployment rates (have) Republican governors That approach that Republicans are using is working.
In writing his book, Gov. Perry pointed out that by any measure Social Security has been a failure.
the stimulus produce zero jobs
the stimulus created jobs zero
the stimulus created zero jobs 
the health tutelage law reduces the number of uninsured in america by percent for how much money trillion
the health care law america the number of uninsured in reduces by percent for how much money trillion
the health care law reduces the number of uninsured in america by percent for how much money trillion 
we ever more oil today than import before
we import more oil today than of all time before
we import more oil today than ever before 
Will Hurd tends to have a 96 percent straight Republican, straight party voting record.
Says Chris Christie vetoed Planned Parenthood funding five times over the course of his governorship.
Greece is not a big economy. Its about the size of metropolitan Miami.
Ive cut the budget of the (lieutenant governors) office by more than half.
Forty cents of every dollar being spent by the federal government is being borrowed from my children.
Cigarette butts poison babies and small children because of the nicotine in them.
One of the things I would immediately do is bring back the warrior class -- Petraeus, McChrystal, Mattis, Keane, Flynn. ... Every one was retired early because they told President Obama things that he didnt want to hear.
state under his budget repair bill collective bargaining is fully intact
says intact his budget repair bill collective bargaining is fully under
says under his budget repair bill collective bargaining is fully intact 
Since I took office, over 319,000 new private sector jobs have been created in Georgia with nearly 93,000 of those coming in the past 12 months.
"And it's going to be difficult for us to do this as long as we're spending $275 million a day on a war that should have never been authorized..."
Today in Selma, Ala., the poverty rate is roughly nine times that of whites.
articulate president obama was proposing pinprick strikes for military intervention in syria
military president obama was proposing pinprick strikes for says intervention in syria
says president obama was proposing pinprick strikes for military intervention in syria 
says there are no political captive in cuba
says there are no in prisoners political cuba
says there are no political prisoners in cuba 
david illinois democrat says gill would end medicare
says illinois populist david gill would end medicare
says illinois democrat david gill would end medicare 
"First, he said he would leave residual forces in Iraq, and now he says he wouldn't."
Says last year the graduation rate for our combined six-district footprint jumped 5.5 percent.
President Obama's own director of national intelligence, Admiral Blair, put it this way: 'High-value information came from interrogations in which those methods were used and provided a deeper understanding of the al-Qaida organization that was attacking this country.'
When he (Donald Trump) asked Florida to have casino gambling, we said no.
Milwaukee police use deadly force at a rate that is among the lowest in the country.
"When Sen. Edwards ran in 2004, he wasn't for universal health care. I'm glad he is now."
Says Barbara Buono voted to raise her own pay 40 percent.
Says Texas has the most uninsured people of any state -- 6 million.
Ill be running against a career politician.
Says Multnomah County libraries are open 44 hours per week the lowest of any library in the four-county region.
Says Mike Huckabee appeared in diabetes infomercials to endorse cures and treatments that no health agency supports.
says epa regulation of greenhouse gases will endanger texas dairy farms swine operations corn facilities and beef cattle operations
says epa regulation of greenhouse gases will endanger texas dairy facilities swine operations corn farms and beef oxen operations
says epa regulation of greenhouse gases will endanger texas dairy facilities swine operations corn farms and beef cattle operations 
facebook has unveiled new normal to stop their users from creatingposts related in any way to religion
facebook has unveiled new from to stop their users rules creatingposts related in any way to religion
facebook has unveiled new rules to stop their users from creatingposts related in any way to religion 
the democrats are very sly in new hampshire down we have same day voter registration and to be honest when massachusetts elections are not very near theyre bus them in all over the place
the democrats are very hampshire in same sly we have over day voter registration and to be honest when massachusetts elections are not very close theyre busing them in all new the place
the democrats are very sly in new hampshire we have same day voter registration and to be honest when massachusetts elections are not very close theyre busing them in all over the place 
California has added twice as many jobs as Florida over the past year.
In the past two years in Congress, Ive written more bills, passed more amendments on the floor of the House and enacted more of my bills into law than any other member of the House.
Says Travis County Commissioner Gerald Daugherty claims to have taken a pay cut, but for 2016, he voted to raise his salary by 19.6 percent.
the employment non discriminates act discrimination against christian daycare christian parents christian business owners and the rights of religious freedom
the employment not discrimination act discriminates against christian daycare christian parents christian business owners and the correct of religious freedom
the employment non discrimination act discriminates against christian daycare christian parents christian business owners and the rights of religious freedom 
"Now, I also support the Bush tax cuts. Sen. McCain voted against them originally. He now believes they should be made permanent. I'm glad he agrees they should be made permanent."
Irans defense budget is $30 billion. Our defense budget is closer to $600 billion.
Brookhaven homeowners pay hundreds of dollars less in property taxes compared with owners of the same-value homes in unincorporated DeKalb County.
The mosquito population in South Florida is larger than it is in many other communities in the country.
Says health insurance premiums will rise under Obamacare.
Says Erv Nelson voted yes on the pro-amnesty SJR 21, a bill urgingCongress to provide citizenship for those residing illegally in our country.
Virginia is the number one state per capita in screening out people with mental illness from gun purchases.
Missouri is the state with the lowest paid workers.
The average student loan debt in Texas is over $22,000...the cost of an average size pickup truck. But unlike car owners, students are not allowed to refinance their loans at lower rates.
Says Rick Scotts proposal for election reform only mandates 48 hours of early voting.
On whether the state should ramp up borrowing to build roads.
People think AIDS is done --its not done.
Electricity rates are 40 percent higher in states that have required utility companies to use a certain amount of renewable energy such as solar power.
South Carolina has a labor shortage, specifically in the meatpacking industry.
When the City and the Fairmount Park Conservancy invested $5 million in Hunting Park, crime went down 89 percent within a half mile radius of the park over the next three years.
On day one, six people were able to sign up for health insurance through the federal marketplace.
Lets start with the premise that Rhode Island already has one of the 10 strictest [gun laws] amongst all the states.
Says that in her speech to the pro-Israel group AIPAC, Hillary Clinton had one line on the Palestinian people.
Says in our region, 2011 was worst drought year ever recorded.
in the biggest the lowest income people had the s gains
in the s the lowest income people had the biggest hit
in the s the lowest income people had the biggest gains 
Florida has issued more than 3 million conceal carry permits in the past 30 years. Only 168 have been revoked.
for every one job created under the obama administration people went on food stump
for every one the created under job obama administration people went on food stamps
for every one job created under the obama administration people went on food stamps 
Says that after she declared her candidacy for Congress, the redistricting process was manipulated to allow incumbent politicians to guarantee their re-election.
Says Chris Koster opposes right-to-work efforts because he has taken $8 million from union bosses.
Says Bush Jr. handed Obama a $1.4 trillion deficit and Obama reduced Bush Jr.s deficit to just $492 billion.
Says President Barack Obama made unilateral changes to Obamacare 38 times.
Broward Countys unemployment rate of 5.3 percent is the lowest in Florida.
Obamacare could force thousands of volunteer fire stations to cut service or close entirely!
The Wisconsin Retirement System for public employees is a self-funded pension plan and its the money of the workers that funds it.
Ninety-five percent of the money used for union-operated worker training centers comes from employers.
If we got solar energy from an area of the Southwestern desert 100 miles on a side, that would be enough, in and of itself, to provide 100 percent of all the electricity needs for the United States of America in a full year.
I helped pass what, if enacted, would be the largest tax cut in Texas history through the State Senate.
Under Ryan plan,those 54 and younger would receive the same kind of healthcare options now enjoyed by members of Congress.
Says Bernie Sanders was there when it came to (same-sex) marriage 20 years ago. ... He was there when it wasnt popular.
David Dewhurst is the first lieutenant governor in history to have a personal security detail.
the administration has issued rules for abortions in obamacare and requires all persons enrolled in indemnity architectural plan that include elective abortion coverage to pay an abortion premium
abortion administration has issued rules for abortions insurance obamacare and requires all persons enrolled in in plans that include elective abortion coverage to pay an the premium
the administration has issued rules for abortions in obamacare and requires all persons enrolled in insurance plans that include elective abortion coverage to pay an abortion premium 
Overwhelming Democrat and Republican votes in 2011 for legislation in two special sessions on jobs demonstrated the bipartisan nature of the Wisconsin Legislature.
says gov rick perry a never held has private sector job
says gov rick perry has never held a private sphere job
says gov rick perry has never held a private sector job 
Says President Obama promised hed keep unemployment below 8 percent if the stimulus passed.
Says Indiana Gov. Mike Pence advocated diverting taxpayer dollars to so-called conversion therapy.
Says Ted Cruz has pledged to eliminate the U.S. Department of Education, which would end federal aid to college students.
We are in the bottom 10 in dollars in the classroom and the top 10 in dollars in the bureaucracy and red tape.
With 320,000 net Ohio manufacturing jobs lost, (Sen. Rob) Portman calls NAFTA a proven success.
Kathryn Starkey only attended half of those meetings.
illegal immigration costs state taxpayers over jillion every year
illegal every costs state taxpayers over billion immigration year
illegal immigration costs state taxpayers over billion every year 
says a liberal immigration reform group endorsed his gop opponent primary dave brat
says a giving immigration reform group endorsed his gop primary opponent dave brat
says a liberal immigration reform group endorsed his gop primary opponent dave brat 
welder make more money than philosophers
make welders more money than philosophers
welders make more money than philosophers 
Teddy Roosevelt first called for (health care) reform nearly a century ago.
Says Mike Dovilla supports a plan that could allow a foreign corporation to take over the Ohio Turnpike 
Charlie Crist broke the quarter "record for fundraising in a U.S. Senate race in Florida."
The Murray-Ryan deal is the first divided-government budget agreement since 1986.
the pretty people spoke american loudly they said stop all the looming tax hikes
the american people verbalize pretty loudly they said stop all the looming tax hikes
the american people spoke pretty loudly they said stop all the looming tax hikes 
for the hour after the jan debate debra medina was the night search on google and for the remainder of that no no
for the hour after the jan disputation debra al madinah was the no search on google and for the remainder of that night no
for the hour after the jan debate debra medina was the no search on google and for the remainder of that night no 
Says state budget deal between Texas House and Senate leaders funds nursing homes, our public schools and universities and provides financial aid for college students.
When (John) Brennan ... was asked directly Is there any geographic limitation to your drone strike program? Brennan responded and said, no, there is no limitation.
Says Time magazine called him "one of America's best governors."
On supporting the Supreme Court abortion decision Roe v. Wade
after four years of a celebrity president of recent college grads are moving back in with their parent
after four back of a celebrity president of recent college grads are moving years in with their parents
after four years of a celebrity president of recent college grads are moving back in with their parents 
Hispanic unemployment has been ticking down from an all-time high of 13.9 percent because of the policies weve implemented.
Says Rick Perry co-chaired Al Gores campaign for president.
i was totally against iraq war in the
i was totally against the war in irak
i was totally against the war in iraq 
There have been literally hundreds of new tax preferences and loopholes added to the code since 1986, last time we did this.
says billion bonamici supports the suzanne cut to medicare passed last year
says suzanne bonamici supports the billion cut to medicare passed last twelvemonth
says suzanne bonamici supports the billion cut to medicare passed last year 
Gas will reach $4 a gallon under a cap-and-trade plan.
Were losing as many people to heroin and opioid overdoses as we lost to the AIDS epidemic at its peak.
Says Democratic Senate candidate Bruce Braley voted to cut $700 billion from Medicare to support Obamacare.
Preventive care coverage under the Affordable Care Act has already helped Granite Staters save money and live healthier lives.
Says 25 percent of U.S. Muslims agreed that violence against Americans here in the United States is justified as a part of the global jihad.
was last time republicans had the senate house the house and the white
was last time republicans had the white home the home and the senate
was last time republicans had the white house the house and the senate 
hillary clinton and barack obama want to on taxes raise all income brackets
hillary clinton and barack obama lack to raise taxes on all income brackets
hillary clinton and barack obama want to raise taxes on all income brackets 
atomic number s sen saxby chambliss votes more with democrats than with conservatives
u s sen saxby chambliss votes democrats with more than with conservatives
u s sen saxby chambliss votes more with democrats than with conservatives 
For the second quarter in a row, my campaign has raised more money than any other challenger in the nation and brought our fundraising total to over $800,000.
Says the recall elections that aimed to remove him and other Republican officials from office cost tens of millions of dollars to run.
In Wisconsin, only half of all the adults with serious psychological distress received mental health treatment or medication.
"She stood by ground zero workers who sacrificed their health after so many sacrificed their lives and kept standing till this administration took action."
on gift taking bobtail mcdonnell took a fraction of what tim kaine took
on gift mcdonnell bob taking took a fraction of what tim kaine took
on gift taking bob mcdonnell took a fraction of what tim kaine took 
this is that first time since world war ii the five nuclear powered aircraft carriers were docked together
this is the first off time since world war ii that five nuclear powered aircraft carriers were docked together
this is the first time since world war ii that five nuclear powered aircraft carriers were docked together 
"While Exxon Mobil has 40 pages on its media response strategy, its plan for resource protection is only five pages long and its plan for oil removal is just nine pages long."
By voting to approve [Question 1], we can . . . save 900 jobs at Twin River.
There hasnt been a Republican in the legislature or the City Council in Providence in over 30 years.
Ive never voted for a Democrat when there was a Republican on the ballot.
Says U.S. Senate rival Tommy Thompson wants to give a new $265,000 tax cut to millionaires like himself while raising taxes on the middle class.
The (economic stimulus) legislation could open billions of taxpayer dollars to left-wing groups like the Association of Community Organizations for Reform Now (ACORN).
Exposure to the electromagnetic fields from power lines has been associated with childhood leukemia and other diseases.
At the 50 Milwaukee schools serving at least 80% African-American and at least 80% low income students, the reading proficiency is 8%.
Says Obama replaced the American flag on the tail of his plane with his campaign logo.
Atlanta Mayor Kasim Reed held not one conversation with the public about the new Falcons stadium project
i never said that marco senator was mark zuckerbergs personal rubio
i never state that marco rubio was mark zuckerbergs personal senator
i never said that marco rubio was mark zuckerbergs personal senator 
The only two (Donald Trump tax returns) we have show that he hasnt paid a penny in taxes.
In a budget deal struck in 2011 a trillion dollars of cuts went into effect immediately, and then a special committee was set up ... to get agreement on another $3 trillion of cuts.
if going a small business obama dont adopt the health care plan that senator and mandates hes youre to fine you
if youre a small business and dont borrow the health tending plan that senator obama mandates hes going to fine you
if youre a small business and dont adopt the health care plan that senator obama mandates hes going to fine you 
weve jobs million lost since obamas been president
weve lost trillion jobs since obamas been president
weve lost million jobs since obamas been president 
"Whether in Illinois or Washington, Barack Obama has bridged partisanship to bring about significant reform."
I have cut taxes 63 times, including a 2006 property tax reduction that ranks as the largest in state history.
New Jersey has the largest transit system in the entire country.
new jobs numbers are in and wisconsin has fallen to dead last in midwest farm out growth
new jobs numbers in are and wisconsin has fallen to dead last in midwest job growth
new jobs numbers are in and wisconsin has fallen to dead last in midwest job growth 
under the baucus bill federal funds of subsidize coverage would elective abortions
under the baucus bill union soldier funds would subsidize coverage of elective abortions
under the baucus bill federal funds would subsidize coverage of elective abortions 
Four balanced budgets in a row, with no new taxes for anyone. The best job growth in 12 years. Nearly 130,000 new private-sector jobs. Merit pay to reward New Jerseys best teachers, and the most education funding ever.
crownwork and trade is wildly unpopular with americans
cap and americans is wildly unpopular with trade
cap and trade is wildly unpopular with americans 
"By registration fewer than 20 percent of Florida voters are Independents."
teachers were not involved core developing the common in state standards
teachers were not need in developing the common core state standards
teachers were not involved in developing the common core state standards 
As a senator, Hillary Clinton paid women less than the men in her office.
Mark Warners record is one of acting against the Keystone XL pipeline.
drafted parent trigger legislation was drafted by president obamas top advisers it was this by president clintons top advisers
this parent trigger legislation was drafted by president obamas top advisers it was drafted by president hilary rodham clinton top advisers
this parent trigger legislation was drafted by president obamas top advisers it was drafted by president clintons top advisers 
Says Ron Johnson voted to turn Medicare into a voucher program.
Says Bernie Sanders advocated putting Iranian troops into Syria to try and resolve the conflict there. Putting them right on the doorstep of Israel.
Barack Obama's church gave a lifetime achievement award to Louis Farrakhan.
Toothpaste contains the poison substance of fluoride.
"Today, we import triple the amount of oil than we had on the day Senator McCain took office."
Shutdowns are a normal part of the constitutional process, with 12 shutdowns under Democratic House Speaker Tip ONeill and two during his own speakership.
Since 2007, Texas has gained 440,000 people while Maryland has lost 20,000.
Said state insurance commissioner candidate Ralph Hudgens fights hard to strip women of life-saving coverage such as mammograms.
My two appointments to the Florida Supreme Court, Raul Cantero and Kenneth Bell, have earned reputations as its most consistent conservatives.
Says legislation supported by gay rights activists would strip mother and father from future Texas birth certificates.
Says Gerald Daugherty advocated lowering the penalty for crimes like strangulation in domestic violence cases because they just throw more people into the jail system.
mercury is used in vaccines and there is no mercury level of safe
mercury is used in vaccines and there is no safe grade of mercury
mercury is used in vaccines and there is no safe level of mercury 
Says four-year terms for City Council members are the norm in most cities of our size.
"Tommy Thompson is the father of welfare reform, creating the groundbreaking Wisconsin Works program in Wisconsin that became the model for national and international reforms."
We now sell more products made in America to the rest of the world than ever before.
no theres wildlife in the arctic national wildlife refuge
there no wildlife in the arctic national wildlife refuge
theres no wildlife in the arctic national wildlife refuge 
Right now, in every major poll, national poll and statewide poll done in the last month, six weeks, we are defeating Trump, often by big numbersand always at a larger margin than Secretary Clinton is.
I have fought for our shared values without being an ideologue or a partisan
The costs of cancer and all affiliated issues are over $20 billion a year to this state.
on trade cap and a plan
on a cap and trade be after
on a cap and trade plan 
the left is blatantly attempting to georgias disrupt elections
the left is blatantly essay to disrupt georgias elections
the left is blatantly attempting to disrupt georgias elections 
Says Obamas net neutrality proposalputs the government in charge of determining Internet pricing, terms of service and what types of products and services can be delivered.
President Barack Obama reduced the cost of prescription drugs for nearly 3.6 million Americans in 2011.
Tampa Bay isleading the state in jobs creation.
"Earmarked dollars have doubled just since 2000, and more than tripled in the last 10 years."
says of cruz is a supporter ted legalizing people that are giving this country illegally and proposed in them work permits
state ted cruz is a supporter of legalizing people that are in this rural area illegally and proposed giving them work permits
says ted cruz is a supporter of legalizing people that are in this country illegally and proposed giving them work permits 
Our economy (in Louisiana) has grown 50 percent faster than the national GDP, even since the national recession.
on whether he compose a provision that allowed aig to dole out bonuses
on whether he wrote a provision that allowed aig to dole bonuses out
on whether he wrote a provision that allowed aig to dole out bonuses 
the aclu and atheists in capital of colorado are demanding the nfl stop tim tebow from praying on the sidelines
the aclu are atheists in denver and demanding the nfl stop tim tebow from praying on the sidelines
the aclu and atheists in denver are demanding the nfl stop tim tebow from praying on the sidelines 
Lois Frankel spent over $13,000 in taxpayer money on a marble shower in a private bathroom with her own toilet.
wisconsin uses voting machines that outlawed are they are illegal
wisconsin river uses voting machines that are outlawed they are illegal
wisconsin uses voting machines that are outlawed they are illegal 
Half of Oregon university students are on Pell Grants.
Says uncompensated health care costs absorbed by Texas hospitals are adding $1,800 a year to Texas private insurance rates.
Invested $90 million in traffic fixes without raising taxes.
Countries bombed: Obama 7, Bush 4
has s rep debbie wasserman schultz u blamed the republicans for the creation of hamas
uracil s rep debbie wasserman schultz has blamed the republicans for the creation of hamas
u s rep debbie wasserman schultz has blamed the republicans for the creation of hamas 
a report army navy times said that percent of in navy and marines have thought about attempting suicide
a report in navy times said that percent of army navy and leatherneck have thought about attempting suicide
a report in navy times said that percent of army navy and marines have thought about attempting suicide 
We cut property taxes by one-third in the state of Texas while Ive been governor.
Says Texas passed a state Dream Act before any other state.
Hillsboroughs Public Transportation Commission has a rule that says cabbies have to wear socks. I mean, please. Come on.
Increasing the min. wage to $15 an hour would reduce spending on food stamps, public housing and other programs by over $7.6 billion a year.
Says 80 journalists have been killed in Mexico in the last decade.
U.S. Rep. Allen West wants to bring back earmarks.
Almost 1,000 people a day are moving to Florida because they are more free here than they are in some other states.
Texas ranks 49th in per-pupil funding among the states.
"The Washington Times ... pointed out that we had succeeded where previous administrations had failed" on spending cuts.
In Flint, Mich., the pipes still havent been replaced. The water is still poisoned.
"Here in Virginia, we have the opportunity to become the first state on the East Coast to explore for and produce oil and natural gas offshore."
Donald Trumps decision to skip the Fox News/Google debate in Des Moines is near unprecedented.
the mccain campaign is roughly in the position where vice president al gore was running against president dubya one week before the election of
the mccain campaign is roughly in was position one vice president gore the running against president bush where week before the election of
the mccain campaign is roughly in the position where vice president gore was running against president bush one week before the election of 
"We've won twice as many states. We've won a greater share of the popular vote."
health care reform everything about it is going to raise costs raise revenue enhancement and lower the tone of health care
health care reform costs about it is quality to raise everything raise taxes and lower the going of health care
health care reform everything about it is going to raise costs raise taxes and lower the quality of health care 
The city of San Antonio reuses almost 40 percent of its water. You know how much the city of Austin reuses? About 5 percent. And thats not right. We can do better.
since the unify states has spent untold trillions yet the poverty rate hasnt budged
since the united states spent has untold trillions yet the poverty rate hasnt budged
since the united states has spent untold trillions yet the poverty rate hasnt budged 
It costs a hell of a lot more money to put somebody in jail than send them to the University of Virginia.
new new jersey is the only state in the union that spent lupus erythematosus on higher education than it did at the beginning of the decade
new union is jersey only state in the the that spent less on higher education than it did at the beginning of the decade
new jersey is the only state in the union that spent less on higher education than it did at the beginning of the decade 
Says he and Mitt Romney always said that we agree with the 2014 deadline for leaving Afghanistan.
Says he said last year theres absolutely no reason for Texas to secede.
Says U.S. Rep. Ann McLane Kuster used $293,000 of taxpayer money to send campaign mail.
Boccieri voted to spend a billion dollars an hour, every hour, for his first 50 days in office
While Mandels been busy traveling the country raising campaign money, he hasnt shown up for work.
Says Bernie Sanders wants higher standards for toy guns than real guns.
A million people a year come into the U.S. legally. No other country even comes close to that figure.
The majority of people in polls do not support Obamacare.
the obama administration was actively supporting al qaeda in iraq the terrorist group that became the islamic state
the obama giving medication was actively supporting al qaeda in iraq the terrorist group that became the islamic state
the obama administration was actively supporting al qaeda in iraq the terrorist group that became the islamic state 
said planned parenthoods early objective was to help kill black babies came they before into the world
said planned parenthoods too soon objective was to help kill black babies before they came into the world
said planned parenthoods early objective was to help kill black babies before they came into the world 
Due to the war in Iraq, 4,400 Americans are dead, 30,000 severely wounded and more than 100,000 are suffering from serious health problems related to post traumatic stress syndrome.
When the Republicans were in charge, they actually expanded government health care with the prescription drug program.
Says administrator salaries were increased, but other school employees were left behind.
In 1790, the first Congress, which was packed with framers, required all ship owners to provide medical insurance for seamen; in 1798, Congress also required seamen to buy hospital insurance for themselves. In 1792, Congress enacted a law mandating that all able-bodied citizens obtain a firearm.
Ken Mercer wants Sean Hannity and James Dobson included in social studies texts.
on the trans peaceable partnership
the on trans pacific partnership
on the trans pacific partnership 
Says Charlie Crist could have expanded Medicaid after the health care law passed but didnt.
says that when representative steve cohen took office in the unemployment grade was at percent the unemployment grade in shelby county has reached percent
says that when shelby steve cohen reached office in the unemployment rate was at percent the unemployment rate in congressman county has took percent
says that when congressman steve cohen took office in the unemployment rate was at percent the unemployment rate in shelby county has reached percent 
Hispanic students in Florida perform the best of any Hispanic population in the United States.
Says President Obama has grown the federal government payroll by 141,000 workers and wants to add 125,000 more.
In Florida, when Jeb Bush was governor, state authorities conducted a deeply flawed purge of voters before the presidential election in 2000 and in2004 a plan to purge even more voters was headed off.
says that sen sherrod brown is out there egging on a lot of these demonstrator who are spitting on policemen and going to the bathroom on policeman car at these protests on wall street and other places
says that sen sherrod brown on out there egging these a the of on protesters who are spitting on policemen and going to lot bathroom is policemens cars at these protests on wall street and other places
says that sen sherrod brown is out there egging on a lot of these protesters who are spitting on policemen and going to the bathroom on policemens cars at these protests on wall street and other places 
"President Obama pledged to go through the budget 'line by line,' but on his watch, non-defense spending has spiraled out of control, increasing by 67 percent in the last year alone."
says chuck hagels nomination as publicly secretary has been defense celebrated by the iranian government
says chuck hagels nomination as defense secretary has been publically celebrated by the iranian government
says chuck hagels nomination as defense secretary has been publicly celebrated by the iranian government 
The Koch brothers are one of the biggest polluters in the country.
says texas is that only state the exempts jet fuel from its state motor fuels tax
says texas is the only state that exempts jet fuel from its state motor fuel tax
says texas is the only state that exempts jet fuel from its state motor fuels tax 
Says the Austin City Council may give $4 million a year to subsidize a race track.
Says A baby in Coos County is two times as likely to be born to a mother who is someone who used tobacco during her pregnancy as is the average baby born in Oregon or the U.S.
"ObamaCare will use your tax dollars to provide free Viagra to convicted rapists and registered sex offenders."
Says Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison took 154 private flights all funded by taxpayers though commercial flights were readily available at a fraction of the cost.
From a standpoint of the county government, neither school system has received an increase in funding over the past six years.
on rapprochement
reconciliation on
on reconciliation
Every new Republican member of the U.S. Senate said they will vote to repeal and replace Obamacare.
virginias current unemployment rate is the in lowest virginia history
virginias electric current unemployment rate is the lowest in virginia history
virginias current unemployment rate is the lowest in virginia history 
Austin mayoral candidate Steve Adler admitted his law firm worked with Koch Industries for nearly a decade.
in providence r i its illegal to sell toothpaste and a the to toothbrush same customer on a sunday
in providence r i its illegal to sell toothpaste and a toothbrush to the same customer on a lords day
in providence r i its illegal to sell toothpaste and a toothbrush to the same customer on a sunday 
Trenton politicians cut $1.3 billion from education.
The United States gives $8 million a day to Israel and gives that country a blank check.
a young colorado law literally allows residents to print ballot from their home computers then encourages them to turn ballot over to collectors
a new colorado law them allows residents to print ballots from their home turn then encourages literally to computers ballots over to collectors
a new colorado law literally allows residents to print ballots from their home computers then encourages them to turn ballots over to collectors 
Georgia has lost more than 124,000 jobs and the unemployment rate has increased since the stimulus passed
Says state Rep. Patrick Rose votes 90 percent with liberals, backed the states largest tax increase, proposed nearly $15 billion in government spending and supported Obama-style government-run health care system for Texas.
during the eisenhower administration not a bingle soldier died in combat
during administration eisenhower the not a single soldier died in combat
during the eisenhower administration not a single soldier died in combat 
There is no planned air-conditioned restaurant out on the Lens.
On the Keystone XL pipeline
80 percent of North Carolinians are for the living wage
give senator guns senator dianne feinstein said if she could say to mr america and mrs america california me your democratic im rounding em up she would
california senator popular senator dianne feinstein said if she could say to mr america and mrs america give me your guns im brush up em up she would
california senator democratic senator dianne feinstein said if she could say to mr america and mrs america give me your guns im rounding em up she would 
says he has supported george bush more barack i have than obama
says he has supported george pubic hair more than i have barack obama
says he has supported george bush more than i have barack obama 
The average fast food worker is 29, and most fast food workers are on some form of public assistance.
Says that in the last five years, Texas created more jobs than all other states combined.
by we will entire sending so much interest to china that we will be paying for the army peoples liberation be
by we will be get off so much interest to china that we will be compensable for the entire peoples liberation army
by we will be sending so much interest to china that we will be paying for the entire peoples liberation army 
not even tim trusts is willing to say he kaine hillary clinton
not even tim kaine is willing to say he trusts hillary william jefferson clinton
not even tim kaine is willing to say he trusts hillary clinton 
At the time that (Medicare Part D) was passed (it) was actually less popular than the Affordable Care Act, according to the polls.
says senate u s the has passed a budget over the last three years called the budget control act
says the u s senate has passed a budget over the last three years called the budget control human activity
says the u s senate has passed a budget over the last three years called the budget control act 
medicare officials have treated humana and aarp inconsistently on how they can pass with seniors
medicare they have treated humana and aarp inconsistently on how officials can communicate with seniors
medicare officials have treated humana and aarp inconsistently on how they can communicate with seniors 
Huckabee "was one of the highest taxing governors that we had in this country and rivaling Bill Clinton in terms of the Cato ratings."
Interior deportations under Obama were down 40 percent and at a nine-year low.
Rick Scott got a majority of the Hispanic vote in Florida.
Recent news reports indicate DWI crashes in Austin dropped 23 percent since ridesharing entered the market.
In an average grocery store, roughly 75 percent of processed foods contain genetically modified organisms, or GMOs.
with would experiment obama socialism
obama would experimentation with socialism
obama would experiment with socialism 
A miscarriage is considered an abortion.
islamic the state just built a hotel in syria
the islamic province just built a hotel in syria
the islamic state just built a hotel in syria 
In reality, there have been no problems whatsoever with the Texas voter ID law.
An April study found that about 70 percent of ads in this election cycle have been negative [due to SuperPACs], up from only 9 percent through the same period in 2008.
justice john roberts signed treason on obamas arrest for off
justice john kenneth roberts signed off on obamas arrest for treason
justice john roberts signed off on obamas arrest for treason 
All Aboard Florida is receiving millions in Florida taxpayer dollars.
Ninety million Americans either arent working or arent looking for work.
The Iranians are now saying that what were saying the deal is and what they understand it to be are two different things.
The federal government has 77 different means-tested social welfare programs.
To use money from the TARP fund in the manner that is being discussed by the White House and congressional Democrats would be a violation of the law.
Because George Holding doesnt live in the congressional district hes running for, he doesnt experience the same things that we are all experiencing.
Weve cut the deficit by two-thirds.
Says President Obama has never made a statement ... that he wanted a residual force left (in Iraq).
I have returned money every year since taking office.
In the last 15 years, weve witnessed a dramatic expansion in the jailing of immigrants, from about 70,000 people detained annually to about 400,000.
says maryellen oshaughnessy accepted campaign cash from indicted politico jimmy dimora
says maryellen politician accepted campaign cash from indicted oshaughnessy jimmy dimora
says maryellen oshaughnessy accepted campaign cash from indicted politician jimmy dimora 
Palin "fired Wasilla's Police Chief because he 'intimidated' her."
The CEO of Goldman Sachs let his employees know that hed be just fine with either Bush or Clinton.
Republican leadership took the lead confirming Loretta Lynch as attorney general.
Its bad enough that (Stephen) Silberkraus appeared in a sexual fetish film where women were kidnapped from their homes and forced to live naked in kennels and trained to be pets. But when Silberkraus isnt acting in films that degrade women, hes stalking them in his personal time.
Says Hillary Clinton voted to raise taxes on workers earning as little as $41,500.
"You know, the approval rating of Congress is down to 13 percent."
Says Rick Santorum funded Planned Parenthood.
Schools in some states are spending up to 100 days a year doing test-prep or actual testing.
In Oregon, students are skipping math class to learn about the Bible.
The United States right now incarcerates more African-Americans as a percentage than apartheid South Africa did.
Before 2005, the percentage of Texas high school students meeting the college readiness standards of the Texas Higher Education Coordinating Board stood at 28% in English and 42% in math. Those figures stood at 65% and 66% in 2013.
"Obama's liberal fiscal agenda: Over $874-billion in new spending."
Tommy Thompson made millions from corporations who outsource American jobs and now hes trying to lavish huge tax breaks on them.
for has a well deserved reputation for setting the gold standard georgia food safety
georgia has a well deserved reputation for specify the gold standard for food safety
georgia has a well deserved reputation for setting the gold standard for food safety 
I asked the unions to pay into their own health care insurance ... and they said I was being unreasonable. I requested that they contribute toward their own pensions ... and they screamed it was unfair.
We have created more jobs in this last year than the Bush administration (did) in eight years.
After I had resigned or announced my resignation, I abolished -- I prohibited pay-to-play for people that had county or state contracts.
if lawmaker fail to obviate the fiscal cliff percent of the federal money that is sent to the states will be eliminated
if lawmakers fail to avert the fiscal cliff to is the federal money that of sent percent the states will be eliminated
if lawmakers fail to avert the fiscal cliff percent of the federal money that is sent to the states will be eliminated 
In 2011, the average annual compensation for a teacher in the Milwaukee Public Schools system will exceed $100,000.
says u s rep paul ryans budget proposal eliminates in medicare years
allege u s rep paul ryans budget proposal eliminates medicare in years
says u s rep paul ryans budget proposal eliminates medicare in years 
Says there are fewer jobs in America today than when Barack Obama became president.
Says U.S. Senate candidate Cory Gardner blocked immigration reform and voted to deport our DREAMers.
Says PolitiFact validated and independently documented its criminal history claims about Adan Ballesteros.
Women make 77 cents for every dollar a man earns.
about people refused to get a dose screening because they are out there on drugs
about people refused to get drug a screening because they are out there on drugs
about people refused to get a drug screening because they are out there on drugs 
Says Mitt Romney asked for a waiver from federal welfare rules.
says tom hughes supports paving over thousands development acres with over of and sprawl
says tom hughes supports paving over thousands of estate with over development and sprawl
says tom hughes supports paving over thousands of acres with over development and sprawl 
Sen. Jack Reed cast the deciding vote in the Senate for the Affordable Care Act.
David Cicilline was the state representative who opposed tough mandatory sentences for those convicted of domestic violence and child abuse.
bill white hot offered sanctuary to illegal immigrants
bill offered white sanctuary to illegal immigrants
bill white offered sanctuary to illegal immigrants 
Says the Clintons burst through their own self-pronounced guidelines by acceptingforeign donations.There is a clip of Bill Clinton saying were not going to take foreign donations.
Overall we currently have $981 million, almost a billion dollars in active development projects right here in the City of Richmond.
Sixty-two percent of all personal bankruptcies are "caused by medical problems."
China has made enormous progress in its human rights. That is a fact recognized by all the people in the world.
says the states medicaid waiver proposal has languished in a file locker at the centers for medicare and medicaid religious service for more than two years
says the states medicaid waiver proposal a languished in two file cabinet at the centers for medicare and medicaid services for more than has years
says the states medicaid waiver proposal has languished in a file cabinet at the centers for medicare and medicaid services for more than two years 
U.S. teenagers have now fallen behind their counterparts in Ireland, Poland and even Vietnam in math and science.
Not one illness has been reported from raw milk in Texas in more than four years. A total of six illnesses have occurred in the last 20 years.
We have one of the highest percentages per capita of nonprofits in this state of any state in the union.
The GOP platform that seeks further limits on abortion and is silent on an exception for rape has been there for more than 30 years.
Says Supreme Court Justice Sonia Sotomayor has animmigrant family background.
under the new arizona immigration their police cant stop someone to check law immigration status unless they think see they something illegal
under the new arizona immigration law police bevel stop someone to check their immigration position unless they think they see something illegal
under the new arizona immigration law police cant stop someone to check their immigration status unless they think they see something illegal 
Mitt Romney supervised a company guilty of massive Medicare fraud.
California gubernatorial candidate Steve Poizner, a Republican, "gave $10,000 to Al Gore's recount" effort in 2000.
Just remember this: the presidents health care bill put 30 million people on health care rolls that werent there before.
Fox News uses photo of a married couple promoting traditional marriage and the photo is actually of a same-sex couple.
every clock we raise the minimum wage the number of jobless people increases
every time we raise the minimum wage the people of jobless number increases
every time we raise the minimum wage the number of jobless people increases 
Trump Management was charged with discriminating against African-Americans and breaking federal law.
China is or soon will be the largest English-speaking nation in the world.
The National Park Service has an annual budget that is less than the city of Austin.
It is ironic that (First Energy Corp. is) going to have a name on our (football stadium) where we (Cleveland Public Power) supply the electricity.
Congressman Jeff Denhamhas agreed all illegal immigrants should be detained, arrested and deported.
In 2011, more people were murdered with knives, hands or feet or clubs and hammers than with any type of rifle.
as oversaw tim kaine governor a huge increase in illegal immigration a tremendous increase
as governor tim kaine oversee a huge increase in illegal immigration a tremendous increase
as governor tim kaine oversaw a huge increase in illegal immigration a tremendous increase 
Says Indiana Gov. Mike Pence provides zero state funding for homeless shelters.
virginias from of felons banning voting is a jim crow era law
virginias banning of crook from voting is a jim crow era law
virginias banning of felons from voting is a jim crow era law 
weve broken by millions the all time record for votes a in gop presidential primary election
weve broken by millions the all clip record for votes in a gop presidential primary election
weve broken by millions the all time record for votes in a gop presidential primary election 
only one out of minimum wage worker today are teen age or a young person
minimum one out of only wage workers today are teen age or a young person
only one out of minimum wage workers today are teen age or a young person 
Says Hillary Clintoninsists that when the progressive agenda encounters religious beliefs to the contrary, those beliefs have to be changed.
SaysBernie Sanders has reversed his position on immunity for gun manufacturers and sellers.
"There's not a major bill I know with Hillary's name on it."
The national economic recovery has led to higher than expected tax revenues and projected budget surpluses in nearly every state in the nation, including Wisconsin.
says we are going stabilize sell this house and use the proceeds to to rates
says we are going to sell this house and use the proceeds to brace rates
says we are going to sell this house and use the proceeds to stabilize rates 
Says 15,000 IRS employees have to be added to administer ObamaCare and look at the tax implications.
As a senator, Hillary Clinton actually paid female staffers a lot less than men.
allot to recent reports a group of death panels organized under obamacare ordered their first execution
according obamacare recent reports a group of death panels organized under to ordered their first execution
according to recent reports a group of death panels organized under obamacare ordered their first execution 
Weve just now given over $100 billion to Iran, the equivalent in U.S. terms is $5 trillion.
My campaign finished the last quarter reporting the most cash on hand of any Republican in the field $13.8 million in the bank, $3.5 million more than the Jeb Bush campaign.
I have a D-minus voting record from the NRA.
Says he "fought against $3 billion in cuts to public education since 2003."
When we moved into the White House, we had the lowest net worth of any family since Harry Truman.
say easing restrictions will selling alcohol on sundays on result in more traffic crashes and fatalities
say easing restrictions on merchandising alcohol on sundays will result in more traffic crashes and fatalities
say easing restrictions on selling alcohol on sundays will result in more traffic crashes and fatalities 
Says Chris Christie inherited the highest taxes in America and the worst unemployment in the region.
right now the tea party polls higher than the republicans and the democrats
right now the tea party polls high than the republicans and the democrats
right now the tea party polls higher than the republicans and the democrats 
Every year the First Coast Guard District saves 350 lives in the Northeast.
Says that even if his budget is adopted, private schools in the choice program would be getting about half the per-pupil funds that public schools receive
Figures for September 2014s job growth in Wisconsin mark the largest private-sector job creation weve had in the month of September in more than a decade
According to the CDC, 110 million Americans now have a sexually transmitted illness.
says the electing president of the republic czech said the american people were a confederacy of fools for former barack obama
enunciate the former president of the czech republic said the american masses were a confederacy of fools for electing barack obama
says the former president of the czech republic said the american people were a confederacy of fools for electing barack obama 
We were able to provide $428 million worth of property tax relief.
Says President Obama is reducing our naval fleet to 1917 levels...
"Medicare does just as good, if not better, at keeping people healthy" as Medicare Advantage.
Our median household income in 2013 was the highest in the nation.
its possible that not citizen voters were responsible for obamas victory in north carolina
its possible that non were voters citizen responsible for obamas victory in north carolina
its possible that non citizen voters were responsible for obamas victory in north carolina 
The facts show that approximately 40 persons on death row have had all of their appellate review completed and await only the governors signature on a death warrant to end the case.
For the first time in 13 years, our dependence on foreign oil is below 50 percent.
if you give guns to gangs you can get out of jail free if californias proposition snuff it if you do a drive by dissipate you can get out of jail free if proposition snuff it if you firing guns on a school thousand you can get out of jail free
if you if guns to gangs you can if out of jail free give yard proposition passes get you do a drive by shooting you can get out of jail free if proposition passes if you discharge guns on a school jail you can get out of californias free
if you give guns to gangs you can get out of jail free if californias proposition passes if you do a drive by shooting you can get out of jail free if proposition passes if you discharge guns on a school yard you can get out of jail free 
Amanda Murphy has two vacation homes around the world.
"I joined the Gang of 14, seven Republicans, seven Democrats, so that we wouldn't blow up the United States Senate. Sen. Obama had the opportunity to join that group. He chose not to."
gov nathan deal has taken at least from the koch chum their businesses and their employees
deal nathan gov has taken at least from the koch brothers their businesses and their employees
gov nathan deal has taken at least from the koch brothers their businesses and their employees 
A man using bath salts reported that raccoons had set fire inside his home and stolen his cell phone.
A couple retiring today will pay about $119,000 in lifetime Medicare taxes and receive about $357,000 in lifetime Medicare benefits. ... about 3 bucks in benefits for every dollar in taxes.
Rick Perry advocated to liquidate the states rainy day fund in 2007.
the democratic wellness care plan is a government takeover of our wellness programs
the democratic health care plan is of government takeover a our health programs
the democratic health care plan is a government takeover of our health programs 
says scott cell says he would ban stem walker research
says scott go cart says he would ban stem cell research
says scott walker says he would ban stem cell research
For the first time in history, Wisconsin has more government jobs than manufacturing jobs.
The top 10 most well-paid CEOs in America received a combined $770 million in 2010, while the average American workers wage rose just 2 percent.
A bill from U.S. Rep. Ted Yohoattempts to restrict the administrations ability to conduct national security and criminal background checks on undocumented immigrants.
statistically law enforcement officers die years earliest than the general population
statistically law enforcement officers general years earlier than the die population
statistically law enforcement officers die years earlier than the general population 
America owns 3 percent of the worlds oil but consumes 25 percent of its global reserves.
Air travelers cant get on a plane in the United States without someone doing a background check on them.
Four percent of American citizens are black males, but they are 35 percent of murder victims.
The federal government may put 16,500 IRS agents in charge of policing President Obamas health care bill.
suicide make out from federal government largesse sound out you are not worth anything but you are going to get something for nothing
suicide comes from federal government largesse you saying are not something anything but you are going to get worth for nothing
suicide comes from federal government largesse saying you are not worth anything but you are going to get something for nothing 
We havent had control of the House for the last two years and its been malfunctioning. We had 109 sessions scheduled and held 49.
This Congress made history as the least productive, most unpopular Congress in the history of this proud nation.
According to 2009 estimates, an agreement with Panama could result in almost 1,900 Florida jobs in thefirst year and about 15,000 jobs afterfive years.
We just cant afford to pay 100 percent of government employee benefits.
University of Texas students signed a petition seeking the legal right to abort newborn babies up to five-years-old.
I have askedtheDivision of Emergency Management toreport directly to me.
Weve added, in the last eight years, $4 trillion of debt to the nations obligations.
the u n arms upon treatyinfringes our right to keep and bear arms
the u n arms treatyinfringes upon our right on to keep and bear arms
the u n arms treatyinfringes upon our right to keep and bear arms 
"Teachers will not be able to return to work after raising their children."
Says Newt Gingrich aligned with Nancy Pelosi on global warming.
the jewish holiday purim is their version of here halloween
the judaic holiday purim is their version of halloween here
the jewish holiday purim is their version of halloween here 
the fact that rick scott is running game for governor as a reformer would be curious if it wasnt so outrageous this is a man who barely escaped imprisonment
the fact that rick scott man running escaped governor as a reformer would be funny if it wasnt so outrageous this is a is who barely for imprisonment
the fact that rick scott is running for governor as a reformer would be funny if it wasnt so outrageous this is a man who barely escaped imprisonment 
under scott walker wisconsin unemployment up from to
from scott walker wisconsin unemployments up under to
under scott walker wisconsin unemployments up from to 
If you have a job in this country, (theres a) 97 percent chance that youre not going to be in poverty.
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, 71.2 percent of Hispanic registered voters in Texas and over 86 percent of African American registered voters participated in the 2012 elections.
Wisconsins state budget is almost twice as large per person as the state budget of Texas, and even after billions in tax cuts, Wisconsins working families and businesses remain subject to a heavy tax burden.
says mark installed urinals in a womens bathroom to accommodate the ones who have giblets
says ones installed urinals in a womens bathroom to accommodate the target who have giblets
says target installed urinals in a womens bathroom to accommodate the ones who have giblets 
an anonymous e mail says that communism clinton advocates hillary
an anonymous e mail says that sir edmund percival hillary clinton advocates communism
an anonymous e mail says that hillary clinton advocates communism 
says cnns wolf blitzer was wrong to say that the federal americans they of the most in taxes already percent pay americans dont even pay any wealthiest income tax
says cnns wildcat blitzer was wrong to say that the wealthiest americans they pay the most in taxes already percentage of americans dont even pay any federal income tax
says cnns wolf blitzer was wrong to say that the wealthiest americans they pay the most in taxes already percent of americans dont even pay any federal income tax 
The people who want President Barack Obama impeached are all white, theyre all older, and guess what, theyre in the far right wing of the Republican Party.
Says PolitiFact has ruled that Ed Gillespies ads are false and misleading.
"Fifteen years ago, the assets of the six largest banks in this country totaled 17 percent of GDP ... The assets of the six largest banks in the United States today total 63 percent of GDP."
When (Ronald) Reagan came in, from 1978 to 1982, economic growth averaged less than 1 percent a year. Theres only one other four-year period where thats true. Thats true from 2008 to 2012.
For the first time in nearly two decades, we produce more oil here in the United States than we buy from the rest of the world.
the largest category of people coming into degrees technical schools in wisconsin are people with four year the
the largest category of people coming into the technical school in wisconsin are people with four year degrees
the largest category of people coming into the technical schools in wisconsin are people with four year degrees 
brazil got off fossil oil in the last years
brazil got off the in oil last years
brazil got off oil in the last years 
louisiana gets not one one penny from gulf coast offshore oil revenues
louisiana gets not one single from penny gulf coast offshore oil revenues
louisiana gets not one single penny from gulf coast offshore oil revenues 
"We've heard talk about curbing our use of fossil fuels in nearly every State of the Union address since the oil embargo of 1973."
for the first time in health s history a unlawful inaction will be deemed personal not purchasing a u insurance plan
for the first time in u s history a personal inaction will be view as unlawful not purchase a health insurance plan
for the first time in u s history a personal inaction will be deemed unlawful not purchasing a health insurance plan
American colleges amount to a cartel.
Louisiana is turning down $100 million "that would require us to change our unemployment law, that would have actually raised taxes on Louisiana businesses."
says he lived in a colonia while working as a farm proletarian
says he lived in farm colonia while working as a a worker
says he lived in a colonia while working as a farm worker 
Over the last 40 years, this countrys prison population has grown by 500 percent.
While President Obama says all options are on the table for preventing a nuclear Iran, Hagel says military action is not a viable, feasible, responsible option.
bernie sanderss plan is to taxes your raise to percent
bernie sanderss programme is to raise your taxes to percent
bernie sanderss plan is to raise your taxes to percent 
Says Russ Feingold broke his 1992 promise to always get the majority of funding from Wisconsin residents.
Even our attorney general who is a strong Democrat, she has said that we need causation in our workers comp system. Thats the No. 1 thing pushing our manufacturing jobs out of Illinois.
We dont have bridges being built in the United States.
More money is dedicated within the Department of Homeland Security to climate change than whats spent combating Islamist terrorists radicalizing over the Internet in the United States of America.
Says President Franklin Delano Roosevelt felt there wasnt a need in the public sector to have collective bargaining because the government is the people.
Every time you buy an airline ticket, the federal government runs a background check on you.
we will be the first party to chosen a bald guy to governor
we will be the first party to elect a bald guy governor to
we will be the first party to elect a bald guy to governor 
Says Robert Menendez is the king of raising money from Wall Street, over a million dollars, one of the leaders in the United States Senate. I havent raised any Wall Street money at all.
In the first 24 to 36 hours of the operation in Libya, you saw $115 million go downrange because a Tomahawk cruise missile is a little over $1 million each.
In the past year, DeKalb has attracted and retained more than 2,300 jobs.
"Two years ago...I wrote to Secretary Paulson, I wrote to Federal Reserve Chairman Bernanke, and told them [subprime lending] is something we have to deal with."
Manufacturing is having its best employment year in almost 15 years.
Georgia ranks No. 9 in the rate of women murdered by men.
bicycle possession drops by half while obesity in rhode island rises by percent
bicycle ownership drops by half while obesity in by island rises rhode percent
bicycle ownership drops by half while obesity in rhode island rises by percent
"Sue Lowden gave Harry Reid's campaigns a thousand dollars in five different elections, helping his Senate dreams come true."
A gay man who survived #orlando hate crime can STILL show up to work in FL tomorrow and have his boss fire him simply because he is gay.
Says Gov. Charlie Crist has called him "a rock star."
Says U.S. Rep. Connie Mack took seven and a half years to finish college.
spend schools portland k to deem pbj sandwiches racist
portland schools spend k to deem pbj sandwich racist
portland schools spend k to deem pbj sandwiches racist 
Says these Jersey Shore folks, theyre from New York.
says he cured charlie the and sheen island of comoros of hiv with milk from goats which had arthritis
says he cured charlie shininess and the island of comoros of hiv with milk from goats which had arthritis
says he cured charlie sheen and the island of comoros of hiv with milk from goats which had arthritis 
Says Kelly Ayotte voted again yesterday against a proposal to expand background checks -- (buyers) can continue to simply go online or to gun shows to purchase guns without background checks.
Government employees make 43 percent more in wages and benefits than private-sector workers.
Has created 60,000 net new jobs since taking office.
"I get the most money from active duty officers and military personnel."
In Texas, schools do not even have to teach sex education.
dame alice ellen terry mcauliffe cashed in walking away with millions from the demise of global crossing
terry mcauliffe cashed demise walking away with millions from the in of global crossing
terry mcauliffe cashed in walking away with millions from the demise of global crossing 
Historically, the Social Security tax has been assessed on about 90% of U.S. income. Now it captures 83% because theres been such a growth of income among the highest earners.
phoenix is the kidnapping the of capital western hemisphere
capital of arizona is the kidnapping capital of the western hemisphere
phoenix is the kidnapping capital of the western hemisphere 
driver show you are about nine a more likely to be assaulted by times taxi statistics in austin than a driver for a ride hailing service
statistics show you are about nine times more likely to be assaulted by a taxicab driver in austin than a driver for a hinge on hailing service
statistics show you are about nine times more likely to be assaulted by a taxi driver in austin than a driver for a ride hailing service 
"A year ago, in March 2007, I called for immediate action to address abuses in the subprime market, and I laid out detailed concrete proposals for how to do so."
While in the Illinois Senate, Barack Obama passed legislation moving people "from welfare to jobs."
gov terry mcauliffe has made several statements that he would love to be in a locker secretary office with the clinton administration
administration terry mcauliffe has made several statements that he would love to be a in cabinet secretary position with the clinton gov
gov terry mcauliffe has made several statements that he would love to be in a cabinet secretary position with the clinton administration 
Very little of (the defense) budget less than 10 percent actually goes into fighting ISIS and international terrorism.
Says the U.S. Department of Homeland Security must report to about 100 congressional committees and subcommittees.
Every American now is $51,000 in debt. Thats money I owe, thats money my children owe before they even go to kindergarten, thats their check to the federal government right now.
The Republican candidate [John Loughlin] has talked about privatizing Social Security ... so we know where he stands on the issue.
Says cuts by Gov. Rick Perrys administration left 12,000 teachers without a job.
Says Gary Farmers claim that he received an A from the NRA is an absolute lie.
For people with insurance, the only impact of the health care law is that their insurance is stronger, better and more secure than it was before. Full stop. Thats it. They dont have to worry about anything else.
Independent groups behind ads attacking Democratic candidates are front groups for foreign-controlled companies.
Says Donald Trump supports an agenda out there to privatize the Veterans Affairshealth care system.
Marco Rubio spent $400K of your tax dollars remodeling offices, and building a members-only lounge.
there are places in that america are among the worse dangerous in the world you go to places like oakland or ferguson the crime numbers are most seriously
there are places in america that are among the most dangerous in the world you go to places like oakland or ferguson the law breaking numbers are speculative seriously
there are places in america that are among the most dangerous in the world you go to places like oakland or ferguson the crime numbers are worse seriously 
Says Texas state funds were spent on a TV series on spouses cheating on their wives, kind of glorifying the act of cheating.
representative mccollum voted to dismantle social security
congressman mccollum voted security dismantle social to
congressman mccollum voted to dismantle social security 
bushs tax cuts for high school earners have been the biggest contributor to the budget deficit
bushs tax cuts the high earners have been the biggest contributor to for budget deficit
bushs tax cuts for high earners have been the biggest contributor to the budget deficit 
president obamas case claims it is unconstitutional for ohio river to allow servicemen and women extended early voting privileges during the states early voting period
president obamas lawsuit extended it is unconstitutional for ohio allow to servicemen and women claims early voting privileges during the states early voting period
president obamas lawsuit claims it is unconstitutional for ohio to allow servicemen and women extended early voting privileges during the states early voting period 
"All of the records, as far as I know, about what we did with health care, those are already available."
Nevada is No. 1 in unemployment, violent crime, car theft, divorce, robberies and foreclosures.
says the mandate is times that a childs body be will injected with a disease for immunizations
state the mandate is times that a childs body will be injected with a disease for immunizations
says the mandate is times that a childs body will be injected with a disease for immunizations 
"Floridas high school graduation rate falls well below the national average."
Says four Democratic state senators voted to raise taxes on Wisconsin workers by another $510 a month so freeloaders can get free state-run health care.
Under Gov. Scott Walker, Wisconsin projected a $1 billion (budget) surplus and it turns out to be a deficit of $2.2 billion.
"I'm the only Republican who has gotten endorsements in this presidential race from major labor unions..."
annexation would lead to overcrowding at decaturs city school day
annexation overcrowding lead to would at decaturs city schools
annexation would lead to overcrowding at decaturs city schools 
Never once did they (House Republicans) actually cut spending or reduce the state budget. Even when they cut taxes in 2005, they increased spending. They never paid for their tax cuts.
Says former Miami-Dade Mayor Carlos Alvarez and current mayoral candidate Carlos Gimenez both drove fancy European cars at taxpayer expense.
on super for fundraising pacs
on fundraising for topnotch pacs
on fundraising for super pacs
i am the only candidate who ran in either the popular or the republican primary who suppose from the very beginning that i will not raise taxes on the middle socio economic class
i am the only candidate middle ran in either very democratic or the republican primary who said from the the beginning that will i not raise taxes on the who class
i am the only candidate who ran in either the democratic or the republican primary who said from the very beginning that i will not raise taxes on the middle class 
Twenty percent of our electricity currently comes from nuclear power plants. I think there are 104 in the United States, two of them around the coast in California.
The Nordic countries are some of the few countries that meet development aid goals.
tells david cicilline percentage of the carbon expelling which you so want to get rid of are caused by nature
tells which cicilline percent of the carbon emissions david you so of to get rid want are caused by nature
tells david cicilline percent of the carbon emissions which you so want to get rid of are caused by nature 
sen barbara pugilist voted against immigration reform to permit hispanic immigrants people to come here legally to work
to barbara boxer voted against immigration reform sen permit hispanic immigrants people to come here legally to work
sen barbara boxer voted against immigration reform to permit hispanic immigrants people to come here legally to work 
"Senator Obama has the most liberal voting record in the United States Senate."
Says Mary Burkes Madison school district will be the only school district left in the state to ignore the (Act 10) law in the 2015-16 school year.
the only growth sector that weve had in the last ii years in america is government growth
the only growth sector that weve growth in the last two years in america is government had
the only growth sector that weve had in the last two years in america is government growth 
Who will raising the minimum wage actually help? More than half work full-time. The average worker is 35 years old.
Fifty percent of the graduating class of the year 2012 will have smoked marijuana or have done illegal drugs.
Taxpayers are paying a fortune for the use of Air Force One on the campaign trail by President Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton.
as has been noted by many observers including bill clintons quondam secretary of labor my plan does more than anybody to reduce monetary value
of former been noted by many observers including bill clintons has secretary as labor my plan does more than anybody to reduce costs
as has been noted by many observers including bill clintons former secretary of labor my plan does more than anybody to reduce costs 
"The public option is not funded with public money. It's funded with private insurance premiums."
Thirty-eight states -- Georgia not included -- have appointed, rather than elected, state school superintendents.
stop coming nobody can its this train
its coming nobody can stop this gearing
its coming nobody can stop this train 
on average each u s span working dog saves the lives of between and career and women over the military of his servicemen
on average each u s armed forces working dog saves the endure of between and servicemen and women over the span of his career
on average each u s military working dog saves the lives of between and servicemen and women over the span of his career 
Had the online change of address been in place in 2008 an estimated 130,000 voters who cast provisional ballots could have changed their address online and voted a regular ballot.
Tourism accounts for 439,000 jobs in the state of Ohio, and visitors spend $36 billion annually.
Says food stamp growth, while high, lagged the rise in unemployment.
After the shootings of Dallas policemen, nearly 500 people applied in just 12 days.
I have a very conservative voting record.
Women in Oregon are paid 79 cents for every dollar paid to men. If the wage gap was eliminated, a working woman in Oregon would have enough money for 2,877 gallons of gas, 72 more weeks of food for her family or nearly 12 more months of rent.
ive contract to see the commercials that they did on you and ive contract to see some of the most brutal commercials ive ever escort of michelle obama talking about you hillary
ive gotten to see the the that they did on you and ive gotten to see obama of commercials most vicious commercials you ever seen of michelle some talking about ive hillary
ive gotten to see the commercials that they did on you and ive gotten to see some of the most vicious commercials ive ever seen of michelle obama talking about you hillary 
For every dollar a county gets in taxes from new development, it costs us 40 to 50 percent more to provide services.
More 25- to 34-year-olds are moving to Austin than any other city in America.
For anybody whos trying to cross the street and has seen those signs that say you have to stop when pedestrians are in the crosswalk, that was a bill that I passed.
Polls show that 96 percent of New Jerseyans and 95 percent of gun households in the state support expanding background checks to keep guns away from those who shouldnt have them.
One thousand people a day are moving to Texas, which means there will be 15 million more people over the next 25 years.
No other country has a constitutional right like the Second Amendment.
we have not taken away any north of have currently existed in any city in rights carolina with the passage that hb
we have not taken away any right field that have currently existed in any metropolis in north carolina with the passage of hb
we have not taken away any rights that have currently existed in any city in north carolina with the passage of hb 
John Boozman is excited about putting a 23 percent national sales tax on everything you buy.
Since June 2009, about 48 percent of all the jobs created in America were in Texas.
says ron wyden spent to study exotic ants
says ron wyden to million spent study exotic ants
says ron wyden spent million to study exotic ants 
Its just been announced that the residents of Florida are going to experience a massive, double-digit premium hike.
who a young man or woman for grade entering the ninth is in newark this year they have a percent graduation rate
for a young man or woman who is get in the ninth rank in newark this year they have a percent graduation rate
for a young man or woman who is entering the ninth grade in newark this year they have a percent graduation rate 
Van Jones signed a petition indicating he thinks the Bush administration blew up the World Trade Center and covered it up.
The federal government owns 30 percent of the land in the 50 states, or about 650 million acres.
Says Bernie Sanders was against the auto bailout and voted against the money that ended up saving the auto industry.
because the epa closed a lead smelter in missouri all lead for bullets will have to do from overseas
for the epa closed a lead smelter in missouri all lead because bullets will have to come from overseas
because the epa closed a lead smelter in missouri all lead for bullets will have to come from overseas 
ken hodges badly botched this investigation and as a result judge wasnt done in this case
this hodges badly botched this investigation and as a result justice wasnt done in ken case
ken hodges badly botched this investigation and as a result justice wasnt done in this case 
donald trump and hillary you and bernie want have the identical position on health care which is they sanders to put the government of charge in clinton and your doctor
donald trump and hillary hilary rodham clinton and bernie sanders have the identical position on health care which is they want to put the government activity in flush of you and your doctor
donald trump and hillary clinton and bernie sanders have the identical position on health care which is they want to put the government in charge of you and your doctor 
The minimum wage is lower right now than it was when Ronald Reagan took office.
In our community college system (state) cuts have reduced funding per student by $1,908.
The Atlanta Braves are the oldest continuously operating professional sports franchise in America.
After they bought GST Steel, Mitt Romney and his partners loaded it with debt, closed the Kansas City plant and walked away with a healthy profit, leaving hundreds of employees out of work with their pensions in jeopardy.
you have to armed forces veterans on the street in this country on any given day
you have to military veterans country the street in this on on any given day
you have to military veterans on the street in this country on any given day 
the new york times writes this about story long donald trumps tax returns but didnt point out there was until wrongdoing no paragraph
the new york times drop a line this long tale about donald trumps tax returns but didnt point out there was no wrongdoing until paragraph
the new york times writes this long story about donald trumps tax returns but didnt point out there was no wrongdoing until paragraph 
In renewable and advanced energy manufacturing projects, Ohio now ranks first among the 50 states.
SaysJeb Bush significantly cut early voting prior to the 2008 presidential election.
The academic achievements of our student-athletes are mentioned in the same breath and spirit as Notre Dame and Stanford.
Because of Barack Obama 32 million new people will have healthcare.
Right now, we only keep 50 percent of Georgia Techs graduates.
Most funding for tuberculosis research (is) provided by the U.S. National Institutes for Health.
an amazing jobs were lost in the first months of the hospitality bans implementation in ohios smoking industry alone
an gravel jobs were lost in the first months of the smoking bans implementation in ohios hospitality industry alone
an amazing jobs were lost in the first months of the smoking bans implementation in ohios hospitality industry alone 
says have doesnt have birthright citizenship and americans are the only ones to mexico it
says united mexican states doesnt have birthright citizenship and americans are the only ones to have it
says mexico doesnt have birthright citizenship and americans are the only ones to have it 
After Massachusetts passed a mandatory health insurance law their mortality rate went down...it saved lives.
The Orange County, Florida, school board voted to make it impossible for a student to receive a grade below 50.
friendly is the most vegan richmond city
richmond is the most vegan friendly metropolis
richmond is the most vegan friendly city 
In 2012, Connie Mack missed 178 votes, one of the worst voting records in Congress.
"Senator Obama's relatives and friends say he has been talking about running for president for at least the last 15 years," a campaign spokesman said.
president obama has never received a payroll check from a profitmaking business in his entire life
president obama has never in a paycheck from a profitmaking business received his entire life
president obama has never received a paycheck from a profitmaking business in his entire life 
wendy john davys opposes any limits on abortion
opposes davis wendy any limits on abortion
wendy davis opposes any limits on abortion 
Thats legal: If you find out about somebody elses salary even if youre doing exactly the same job, you can be retaliated against, including being fired, in most places.
The United States has experienced 40 straight months of unemployment at 8 percent or higher.
the president released the of the oil from all strategic oil reserve
the chair released all of the oil from the strategic oil reserve
the president released all of the oil from the strategic oil reserve 
91% of suspected terrorists who attempted to buy guns in America walked away with the weapon they wanted.
if president obama signs the copenhagen climate change treaty he will sign your freedom your any and subsequent prosperity away forever and neither to nor any your government you may elect would have democracy power whatsoever you back it take again
if president obama signs the danish capital climate change treaty he will sign your freedom your democracy and your successfulness out forever and neither you nor any subsequent government you may elect would have any index whatsoever to take it back again
if president obama signs the copenhagen climate change treaty he will sign your freedom your democracy and your prosperity away forever and neither you nor any subsequent government you may elect would have any power whatsoever to take it back again 
if congress fails to act the obama administration intends to spring away control of the cyberspace to an international body akin to the united nations
if congress fails to act control obama administration intends to give away the of the internet akin an international body to to the united nations
if congress fails to act the obama administration intends to give away control of the internet to an international body akin to the united nations 
labor union president andy stern is the most frequent visitor at the edward white house
labor the president andy stern is union most frequent visitor at the white house
labor union president andy stern is the most frequent visitor at the white house 
The U.S. has over $62 trillion in unfunded liabilities.
We now do have evidence that Donald Trump is being used as a recruiting tool for terrorists.
"... study after study has shown that the death penalty deters murders."
Nationwide tuition at public universities is up almost 300 percent ... in the last 20 years.
An attack on a healthy 22-year-old homosexual man would be more protected under the law than an attack on an eight-year-old child.
on a cap plan trade and
on a cap and trade project
on a cap and trade plan 
During Lyndon B. Johnsons first 20 years in Congress, he opposed every civil rights measure that came up for a vote.
two years ago jerry longest serving leader nation the california republic the brown boldly declared in china that california is a separate of
ii years ago the longest helping leader of the california republic jerry brown boldly declared in china that california is a separate nation
two years ago the longest serving leader of the california republic jerry brown boldly declared in china that california is a separate nation 
By voting for Obamacare, Sen. Kay Hagan voted to kill the equivalent of 2.5 million jobs.
the keystone oil pipeline would employ people the in united states
the keystone oil pipeline would employ hoi polloi in the united states
the keystone oil pipeline would employ people in the united states 
how is a misogynist bigot of epic proportions like u s rep steven smith allowed to process
how serve a misogynist bigot of epic proportions like u s rep steven smith allowed to is
how is a misogynist bigot of epic proportions like u s rep steven smith allowed to serve 
Barack Obama, right now, No. 1, over seven years has dramatically degraded our military.
Says the Club for Growth tries to defeat Republicans, and that its president called Nancy Pelosi the person I respect the most in Washington.
"I argued for years that we need to move from a 'Musharraf policy' to a 'Pakistan policy.' "
Says if you are on your bike in a crosswalk, all you have to do is dip your wheel into the road and cars must legally stop.
garcia joe raised utility rates on families
joe garcia advance utility rates on families
joe garcia raised utility rates on families 
The firefighters, the policemen and others who supported (Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker) in his election bid ... dont have to worry about their collective bargaining rights.
"Two-thirds of the top-rated hospitals in Florida were our hospitals."
"The lifespan of the average American is less than that of people in nations that spend far less (on health care). ... To put it bluntly, we spend more and die sooner."
Says Donald Trump says organized crime runs wild on reservations.
Barack Obama "said in 2004 there was no difference between (Obama) and George Bush on the war."
i watched in jersey city n j where and thousands thousands of people were world as the cheering trade center collapsed
i watched in t shirt city n watt second where thousands and thousands of people were cheering as the world trade center collapsed
i watched in jersey city n j where thousands and thousands of people were cheering as the world trade center collapsed 
On a single night in January 2015, state and local planning agencies in Rhode Island reported the following estimates of homelessness 107 veterans were homeless.
Between Austin, San Antonio, Houston and Dallas over 8,000 same-sex couples are raising children.
Shaheen votes with Obama 99 percent of the time.
Says state Senate leaders have accepted $142,400 in campaign contributions from dentists and pharmacists during the past two years.
says bill white is refuse to debate
says bill white debate refusing to is
says bill white is refusing to debate 
Some Republicans who voted against the stimulus "have been all too happy to claim credit for Recovery Act projects and the jobs those projects have produced. They come to the ribbon cuttings."
Theres nothing in the [RhodeMap RI] plan that takes away local government control and local zoning control.
More than 80 percent of Georgians dont support legislation to ease gun restrictions in houses of worship, in bars and on campuses.
The Virginia population increased by just 8 percent from 2005 to 2015, but the per capita spending in the budget increased by a whopping 38 percent.
Without Westside MAX, wed need to add 2.9 lanes to the Sunset Highway.
elena kagan is a new york city radical lawyer marxist through and through
elena kagan is a new york city basal marxist lawyer through and through
elena kagan is a new york city radical marxist lawyer through and through 
Says Rick Perry provided in-state tuition... for illegal immigrants.
says there were over reports of texas votes for donald trump in the states rubio primary virtually all tallied getting for marco republican
articulate there were over reports of texas votes for donald trump in the states republican primary virtually all getting rack up for marco rubio
says there were over reports of texas votes for donald trump in the states republican primary virtually all getting tallied for marco rubio 
Wendy Davis has already taken more $ from teacher unions than the past 3 Democrat gubernatorial candidates combined.
a suggest immigration bill will bankrupt georgia if passed
a proposed immigration bill will if georgia bankrupt passed
a proposed immigration bill will bankrupt georgia if passed 
says large majority of republicans believe obama is a moslem and not u s born
says large majority of obama believe republicans is a muslim and not u s born
says large majority of republicans believe obama is a muslim and not u s born 
In three years we could find close to 50 million gallons per day through a toilet replacement program.
the washington d c area recession has a never
the capital of the united states d c area never has a recession
the washington d c area never has a recession 
says that when michelle they found out that there was changed security camera and that fields had her on tape all of a sudden that story a
says that when michelle theatre found out that there was a security photographic camera and that they had her on tape all of a sudden that story changed
says that when michelle fields found out that there was a security camera and that they had her on tape all of a sudden that story changed 
Says Texas is 1st in business climate, 49th in education.
says mccain voted to let governments charge rape victims for exams forensic
says mccain voted to let governments care rape victims for forensic exams
says mccain voted to let governments charge rape victims for forensic exams 
no republicans voted for recent hikes in the income tax payroll tax capital put on tax dividend tax and estate tax these taxes were all evanesce under obamacare
hikes republicans voted for recent no in the income tax payroll tax capital gains tax dividend tax and estate tax these taxes were obamacare passed under all
no republicans voted for recent hikes in the income tax payroll tax capital gains tax dividend tax and estate tax these taxes were all passed under obamacare 
when trump wanted to round a taxpayer owned building into an anight hotel congressman jeff denham r calif helped broker the deal and bragged about it
when trump wanted to an congressman taxpayer owned building into turn anight hotel a jeff denham r ca helped broker the deal and bragged about it
when trump wanted to turn a taxpayer owned building into an anight hotel congressman jeff denham r ca helped broker the deal and bragged about it 
says chris abele five had has years and hes done nothing about the estabrook dam
says chris abele has had quintuplet years and hes done nothing about the estabrook dam
says chris abele has had five years and hes done nothing about the estabrook dam 
residential area banks are being destroyed by dodd frank
community by are being destroyed banks dodd frank
community banks are being destroyed by dodd frank 
in new york city an entry level janitor gets paid twice as a great deal as an entry level teacher
in new york city an twice level janitor gets paid entry as much as an entry level teacher
in new york city an entry level janitor gets paid twice as much as an entry level teacher 
Says black women are fastest-growing demographic group in ... Texas seeking concealed handgun licenses.
Says we will pay the new chancellor a basic salary of nearly $300,000 a year ... an amount that does not include the costs of this public employees benefits, perks and living expenses for a lavish house, an upscale car, a spending allowance, and fine dining almost every day on the taxpayer dollar.
Youve got more people wanting to go moose hunting in New Hampshire than want Obamacare.
Theres no correlation between primary turnout and wins in the fall in the last 11 elections.
The last time Republicans held hostage a resolution to ensure that our countrys bills were paid cost us more than $1 billion in added interest and slowed the economic recovery.
africa their spending the highest percentage of is gdp on education of any part of the world
africa is spending the highest percentage of their gdp on education of any part of the creation
africa is spending the highest percentage of their gdp on education of any part of the world 
holocene studies have confirmed that any academic benefits of government funded preschool disappear by the fourth grade
recent studies have confirmed that any academic government of benefits funded preschool disappear by the fourth grade
recent studies have confirmed that any academic benefits of government funded preschool disappear by the fourth grade 
The top 1 percent of income earners pay 40 percent of all state income taxes, and those at the bottom pay little or nothing.
The Federal Register - which houses all Washington regulations - is 34,000 pages in length and weighs in at more than 340 pounds.
Says that like Todd Akin, all Texas Republicans in U.S. House cosponsored a bill that attempts to distinguish between forcible rape and other sexual assaults.
If you look at the states where soccer is most popular, theyre overwhelmingly blue states, and the states where soccer is least popular are red states.
The number of African-American men in prison has increased fivefold since he left office.
Says at the state level were spending more on tax expenditures than we are on public safety, health care and education combined.
we union more hospitals that are childrens hospitals than any other state in the have
we have more hospitals that are childrens hospitals than any other body politic in the union
we have more hospitals that are childrens hospitals than any other state in the union 
In head-to-head polls for the general election, I beat Hillary Clinton by more than anybody, by 11 points.
Says former U.S. Rep. Carol Shea-Porter refused to host town hall meetings during her time in Congress.
In Malaysia many of the workers are indentured servants because their passports are taken away when they come into this country and are working in slave-like conditions.
on calling supreme motor hotel nominee sonia sotomayor a racist
on calling supreme court racist sonia sotomayor a nominee
on calling supreme court nominee sonia sotomayor a racist 
Ninety six percent of employers in the Granite State are considered small businesses.
Amiddle-class family donates $1 to charity, they get 15 cents off their income tax. Bill Gates donates $1 to charity, he takes 35 cents off his income tax.
on the employ of presidentially appointed commissions
on the of use presidentially appointed commissions
on the use of presidentially appointed commissions 
Marco Rubio is a "Miami lobbyist."
Ive never supported legislation that invades peoples choices about contraception.
r j mitchell international airport is the the third meddling airport in the world and the number one meddling in the country
mitchell international airport number the the third busiest airport in the the and world is one busiest in the country
mitchell international airport is the the third busiest airport in the world and the number one busiest in the country 
Georgia is one of seven states to lose jobs in 2011 and has lost 8,200 jobs so far.
Says the Obama administration catches and releases nonviolent illegal immigrants.
Says Wisconsin Democrats during the previous administration adopted double-digit tax increases.
a never considered myself i maverick
i never considered myself a unorthodox
i never considered myself a maverick 
mitt romney says the arizona in migration law should be a model for the nation
a romney says the arizona immigration law should be mitt model for the nation
mitt romney says the arizona immigration law should be a model for the nation 
Individuals with mental illnesses die an average of 25 years earlier than those without a mental illness.
Floridas economy became a bad economy ... because of a huge spike in oil prices in the summer of 2008.
Stabilizing the recent financial crisis will cost less than 1 percent of GDP, which is less than the 2.5 percent to fix the savings and loan crisis of the 1980s.
Recommendations for a major tax overhaul for Georgia are an overall tax hike.
the government not the armed forces is stockpiling hundreds of millions of rounds of ammunition for domestic purpose
the the not government armed forces is stockpiling hundreds of millions of rounds of ammunition for domestic use
the government not the armed forces is stockpiling hundreds of millions of rounds of ammunition for domestic use 
Even Roger Williams National Memorial in my home state of Rhode Island attracted nearly 51,000 visitors in 2011, with non local visitors adding more than $3.2 million to the local economy.
Six of Georgias counties have no lawyers at all.
Employees in workplace freedom states make more money
do crime research watch how much this picks up if you take away football
do this research ticker how much crime picks up if you take away football
do this research watch how much crime picks up if you take away football 
the swapped guantanamo detainees five for bowe bergdahl are back on the battlefield
the five guantanamo detainees trade for bowe bergdahl are back on the battlefield
the five guantanamo detainees swapped for bowe bergdahl are back on the battlefield 
(After the auto bailout) General Motors is back on top as the worlds No. 1 automaker.
was luther king jr martin a republican
martin martin luther king jr was a republican
martin luther king jr was a republican 
Rhode Island charter schools are nationally recognized as outperforming their counterparts across the country.
Every single day in this country, 1,000 people are deported and the vast majority of those people that are deported arent criminals.
When Roy Barnes was governor, "Georgia created 235,000 jobs."
Texas has more full-time state employees per capita than California and Illinois.
ak prince william sound is pristine now
alaskas prince william sound now pristine is
alaskas prince william sound is pristine now 
"The $2.3-billion budget deficit I inherited when I came into office became a $2.9-billion surplus."
while americans beg for paris the government has acted on mandatory national vaccinations
while for pray americans paris the government has acted on mandatory national vaccinations
while americans pray for paris the government has acted on mandatory national vaccinations 
support bill personhood ive ever every has either had language that says were conforming to the constitutional rulings of the supreme court or something to that effect
every personhood bill ive ever documentation has either had language that says were conforming to the constitutional rulings of the supreme motor lodge or something to that effect
every personhood bill ive ever support has either had language that says were conforming to the constitutional rulings of the supreme court or something to that effect 
Says Scott Brown voted to give oil companies big tax breaks.
The infant mortality rate is 15 percent higher in states with right-to-work laws.
The state of Georgia is near the bottom among states for SAT scores and graduation rates.
Were only spending 2 percent of our GDP on our infrastructure, while China and India are spending 10 percent of their GDP reinvesting back into their country.
The middle class can be defined to include those with income between roughly $20,000 and $60,000.
By the end of this decade, the interest we owe on our debt could rise to nearly $1 trillion.
Odd fact for odd draft: No. 2 overall pick will earn more than the No. 1 pick due to no state tax in Florida. So 2 not so bad.
One industry in America has increased its employment base in the last four years by 176,000 people: the United States government.
In 1947, when I was born, there were about 450,000 lions. In the mid-70s, when my kids were born, there were about 100,000. Today, there are less than 30,000.
Says that in some Texas communities, our unemployment rate is still at 10 and 20 percent.
Thousands of politicians from across Ohio along with their relatives, employees and friends are still eligible to serve on the proposed redistricting commission.
Says Mitt Romney is committed to overturning Roe vs. Wade, and he supports such amendments that define a life as beginning at the moment of conception.
Says Sierra Club sued him to stop oil and gas activity on Texas coast, but we won and the turtles are fine.
If the state turns down money for high-speed rail, it will kill nearly 10,000 permanent Wisconsin jobs.
Says Pat Toomey visited Joe Sestak and other veterans in 2002 and then came home and voted against every veterans appropriations bill.
Says North Carolina Republican Senate candidate Thom Tillis called Obamacare a great idea.
"He has never voted for a federal restriction on gun ownership."
in oregon in were arrested for marijuana related crimes people
in oregon people were arrested for marijuana pertain crimes in
in oregon people were arrested for marijuana related crimes in 
Under Gov. Mitt Romney, Massachusetts ranked 47th in job creation.
The six largest cities in Ohio all have higher rates of violence and crime than every major city along the U.S.-Mexico border.
"He's sued gun manufacturers. He was supportive of Brady. He was supportive of things like assault weapon bans."
Says he did not support the October 2008 legislation to rescue Wall Street firms.
said u s rep jim marshall d macon sent well nigh billion overseas to build wind turbines and create jobs mostly in chinaware
jobs u s rep sent marshall d macon jim nearly billion overseas to build wind turbines and create said mostly in china
said u s rep jim marshall d macon sent nearly billion overseas to build wind turbines and create jobs mostly in china
The Arab Spring drove up gas prices.
The Republican budget plan says that 10 years from now, if youre a 65-year-old whos eligible for Medicare, you should have to pay nearly $6,400 more than you would today.
Says New York has bureaucrats telling you whether you can even drink a Big Gulp.
the wealth gap between blacks and whites in the was states south greater than the black white wealth gap united in apartheid is africa
the wealth crack between blacks and whites in the united states is greater than the black clean wealth crack was in apartheid south africa
the wealth gap between blacks and whites in the united states is greater than the black white wealth gap was in apartheid south africa 
Chris Christie cut equal pay for women, calling it senseless bureaucracy.
According to a recent Congressional Budget Office report, under Obamacare, 7 million people will lose their employer-sponsored insurance.
We in Indiana have . . . the highest credit rating in the nation.
Tim Kaine proposed over $6 billion in tax increases from the time he entered the governors mansion until the time he left.
Cervical cancer in Africa is fully preventable with basic education, screeningand vaccines.
a member of the redistricting commission proposed in couldnt could accept a bribe from issue and somebody be removed from this commission
a member of the redistricting commission advise in issue could accept a bribe from someone and couldnt be removed from this commission
a member of the redistricting commission proposed in issue could accept a bribe from somebody and couldnt be removed from this commission 
Making public colleges and universities tuition-free, that exists in countries all over the world, used to exist in the United States.
A wide majority of NRA households ... supported this legislation on gun background checks.
Today, about 40 percent of guns are purchased without a background check.
The Democrats have over 20 field agents to our zero."
social ponzi is a security scheme
mixer security is a ponzi scheme
social security is a ponzi scheme 
Says Nick Rahall voted with Obama 94 percent of the time.
In 2011, texting surpassed alcohol as the leading contributing factor in teen driving deaths.
the vast majority of syrian refugees work young able bodied men looking for are
the vast legal age of syrian refugees are young able bodied men looking for work
the vast majority of syrian refugees are young able bodied men looking for work 
The Republican leader of the Senate said his main goal after this election is simply to win the next one.
Rick Scott increased tuition at our state colleges and universities by double digits.
our men and women of the guard have been forced feed contact food banks to to themselves
our men and women of the ward have been forced to contact food banks to feed themselves
our men and women of the guard have been forced to contact food banks to feed themselves 
Says Scott Walkers views on abortion are more restrictive than any Republican president in recent times.
the not profit groupfeeding america is lying when it claimsthat one in five kids is active starvation daily in the united states
kids non profit groupfeeding america is lying when it claimsthat one in five the is fighting the daily in starvation united states
the non profit groupfeeding america is lying when it claimsthat one in five kids is fighting starvation daily in the united states 
two until up proponent ago john mccain was a leading weeks of amnesty now with me challenging him suddenly he has changed
up until two weeks ago john mccain was a leading proponent of pardon now with me challenging him short he has changed
up until two weeks ago john mccain was a leading proponent of amnesty now with me challenging him suddenly he has changed 
An image of nine white, blondwomen shows the amazing diversity of Fox News anchors.
the medicare proposal by rep apostle of the gentiles ryan roentgen wis would allow insurance companies to deny you coverage and drop you for pre existing conditions
conditions proposal medicare by rep paul ryan r wis would allow insurance companies to deny you coverage and drop you for pre existing the
the medicare proposal by rep paul ryan r wis would allow insurance companies to deny you coverage and drop you for pre existing conditions 
Of the four statewide races this century within a 300-vote margin, three have been overturned in a recount.
michelle obama ordered worth of lobster and caviar a at new york hotel
michelle obama ordered worth of lobster and caviar at a novel york hotel
michelle obama ordered worth of lobster and caviar at a new york hotel 
Says Newt Gingrich said Spanish is the language of the ghetto.
when i derive into office our inoculation rate in texas was percent when i left two weeks ago it was percent
when i came into left our percent rate in texas was percent when i office two weeks ago it was vaccination
when i came into office our vaccination rate in texas was percent when i left two weeks ago it was percent 
Central Health is the only hospital district in Texas that spends taxpayer dollars on abortions.
The decision to remove Chick-fil-A from Emory University was based solely on student feedback.
Women who have miscarriages could be investigated by police under legislation supported by Republican state Senate candidate Rick Gudex.
Businesses will be required to certify to the IRS under penalty of perjury that Obamacare was not a motivating factor for cutting staff.
rights restoring voting on to non violent felons
on restoring voting rights to not violent felons
on restoring voting rights to non violent felons 
president obama doesnt want to accept were at war
president obama doesnt want to admit at were war
president obama doesnt want to admit were at war 
Says Barack Obamas regulatory adviser Cass Sunstein, wants to ban hunting and says animals should be represented in court.
says stories about his birth certificate drowned out mass medium reporting of the republican and white house budget plans the week of april
says stories of his birth certificate drowned out media coverage of the and republican white house budget plans the week about april
says stories about his birth certificate drowned out media coverage of the republican and white house budget plans the week of april 
Chesterfield has eliminated more positions from its general government operations than the Commonwealth has from the entire state government since (fiscal) 2009.
The Koch network (is) spending more money (in a Senate race) in Ohio than anywhere else in the country.
In Russia all people are absolutely equal regardless of their religion, sex, ethnicity, or sexual orientation, while 70 countries of the world have criminal liability for homosexuality.
Says Texas Senate hopeful Donna Campbell doesnt live in the district shes hoping to win in 2012.
The state covered a smaller percentage of the cost of K-12 education in 2013 than it did in 2002.
The government does not need a warrant to read your old emails.
Says Gov. Scott Walker has led people to believe that if Wisconsin doesnt implement a (health-care) exchange, Obamacare doesnt happen here.
The poorest in this country are women.
says dow than decided to build a plant in saudi arabia rather chemical oklahoma due to the impact of environmental on regulations the supply of natural gas
says dow chemical decided to build a plant in saudi arabian peninsula rather than oklahoma due to the affect of environmental regulations on the supply of natural gas
says dow chemical decided to build a plant in saudi arabia rather than oklahoma due to the impact of environmental regulations on the supply of natural gas 
Says Richard Devlin raised your taxes by $1 billion in a single day.
the emails of the irs ordered head erased before the could review them making sure the american people will never know congress real truth
the head of the irs ordered emails erased before congress could review them throw sure the american people will never know the real the true
the head of the irs ordered emails erased before congress could review them making sure the american people will never know the real truth 
sound out in newark were paying percent of the school budget from local property taxes
school in newark were paying percent of the says budget from local property taxes
says in newark were paying percent of the school budget from local property taxes 
Georgia has the nations fifth largest Women, Infants and Children (WIC) Supplemental Nutrition program, serving more than 270,000 mothers, babies and children every day.
Says she created the first felony deferred prosecution program for nonviolent first-offenders in Texas.
Says when an interviewer asked Donald Trump if he treats women with respect, Trump replied, I cant say that.
We spend about 75 percent of the entire cost of the military aspect of NATO.
In every state, women are paid less than men.
Theres only one of us whos actually cut government spending -- not two, theres one and youre looking at him.
The health care bill cuts the deficit by over $1 trillion dollars.
says newt has gingrich said that we should make the million illegal workers that are in this country legal
says newt gingrich has said that we should make the million illegal workers that are in this country sound
says newt gingrich has said that we should make the million illegal workers that are in this country legal 
In 2008, when Flint had 265 sworn officers on their police force, there were 35 murders and 91 rapes in this city. In 2010, when Flint had only 144 police officers, the murder rate climbed to 65, and rapes climbed to 229.
Says he can be on the ballot for Congress while serving time in jail.
Says a national Coca-Cola study showed Texans love Texas more than residents of any other state love their state; Wisconsinites ranked second.
obama only wants your children to have wellness insurance
obama to wants your children only have health insurance
obama only wants your children to have health insurance 
The Fair Tax proposal encourages innovation and investment level the playing field for American companies to compete globally.
Says the federal government is earning more tax revenue now than any other time.
The United States was not one of 16 countries where David Perdue said in his Pillowtex deposition that he created jobs.
Maggie Hassan missed nearly every university system board meeting.
Donald Trump said he was excited for the 2008 housing crash that devastated millions of American families, because he thought it would help him scoop up more real estate on the cheap.
says josh mandel opposed federal loans to the machine industry
says josh mandel the federal loans to opposed auto industry
says josh mandel opposed federal loans to the auto industry 
Says in our gun laws were allowing domestic abusers to sidestep this ban on getting a gun. The loophole allows a convicted abuser to walk into a gun show and walk out with a gun, no questions asked.
A substantial number of probationers participating in a pilot project to ease the farm labor shortage are able to finish the work.
Says the Simpson-Bowles deficit reduction proposal urged raising $2 trillion in new revenue.
the high speed rail project would create plus jobs for floridian
the high speed jobs project would create plus rail for floridians
the high speed rail project would create plus jobs for floridians 
Today almost half our debt is owned by foreigners.
Says he was the only Republican to vote against creating a House panel to investigate Planned Parenthood.
So far in 2015, there have been more mass shootings than days.
Republican candidate for governor Nathan Deal fought to weaken Georgias rape shield law.
nothing was done i gun million was spent but we dont have that mean ownership database
nothing was done i have in mind million was spent but we dont have that gun ownership database
nothing was done i mean million was spent but we dont have that gun ownership database 
Aaron Bean voted to give illegal immigrants in-state tuition.
says he has a track record of not raising taxation
says he taxes a track record of not raising has
says he has a track record of not raising taxes 
Almost 40 percent of all (undocumented)immigrants come by plane and they overstay their visas.
Last year, Obama administration officials released into our neighborhoods more than 36,000 criminal immigrants who had nearly 88,000 convictions. The crimes included hundreds of convictions for murder, rape and kidnapping and thousands of drug-related crimes.
Commercial buses in the United States have a stellar safety record, a safety record that exceeds that of any other commercial mode or surface transportation mode.
Were No. 1 in child hunger.
Here, we have Thanksgiving, we have Christmas, we have the 4th of July. Every year in Iran, they celebrate Death to America day.
The pension fund in the city of Providence is only 30 percent funded, about the same level as when he [Taveras] took office.
Florida sends $135 billion and D.C. returns $150 billion.
says president barack obama delivered billion to brazil to drilling with offshore help projects
says president barack obama delivered billion to brazil to help with offshore drilling fancy
says president barack obama delivered billion to brazil to help with offshore drilling projects 
Opponent Glenn Hegar expressed pride in legislated cuts to public school funding.
one thats the number of new exercise permits under the obama administration since they came into office
one thats the number of new drilling permits under the obama since administration they came into office
one thats the number of new drilling permits under the obama administration since they came into office 
we just had someone near week in neenah last a school kill someone with a bow and arrow
we just had someone last week in neenah about a school kill someone with a bow and arrow
we just had someone last week in neenah near a school kill someone with a bow and arrow 
the obama administration offered million to hamas a recognized terrorist organization to reconstruct gaza
organization obama administration offered million to hamas a recognized terrorist the to rebuild gaza
the obama administration offered million to hamas a recognized terrorist organization to rebuild gaza 
says wisconsin gov scott walker is pull in voting more difficult by closing department of motor vehicles offices where low income voters know
says vehicles gov where walker is making voting more difficult by closing department of motor wisconsin offices scott low income voters live
says wisconsin gov scott walker is making voting more difficult by closing department of motor vehicles offices where low income voters live 
University of Wisconsin Systems reserves are in the mid- to low-range of comparable university systems.
"I won the South Carolina primary in 2004, and I was way behind in the polls at this stage in 2004."
(Big banks) have invested over $300,000 in (Joe Heck), and Heck has sponsored $44 million dollars in tax breaks for banks.
the alternative to gamey state worker pension and health care payments is to search at layoffs of state employees or close to children who would be bumped off medicaid have to doe with programs
health alternative to higher state worker pension and the care payments is to look at layoffs of state employees be close to children programs would or bumped off medicaid related who
the alternative to higher state worker pension and health care payments is to look at layoffs of state employees or close to children who would be bumped off medicaid related programs 
Contrary to popular belief, we actually dont have that many public employeesWe are well below average in the number of public employees.
Right now, we have the lowest gas tax of anywhere in the country.
Says Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine want to shut down shale, and shut down natural gas.
When President Obama was running for re-election Senator Sanders was trying to find someone to primary him.
Providence has amongst the highest tax rate(s) in the entire country.
There was never a single shred of evidence presented to anyone thatthe attacks in Benghazi, Libya, were spontaneous, and in fact, the CIA themselves understood that early on.
To help balance the 2011-13 budget, Gov. Scott Walker used a credit card approach that pushed over $500 million in debt onto our children and our grandchildren costing state taxpayers more than $150 million in interest.
SaysBarack Obama voted for the very same language ofIndianas Religious Freedom Restoration Act when he was in the Illinois state Senate. Sexual orientation doesnt have anything to do with this law.
"If Senator Clinton or John McCain had stood up in previous years for increases in fuel efficiency standards . . . then we would not be in this same situation in the first place."
Among the money spent on health care in the United States, "46 cents on every dollar spent is through Medicare and Medicaid."
Says Democratic state Sen. Jim Holperin voted against a property tax freeze in 2009 and then voted for a $1.5 billion property tax hike.
Today the Walton family of Walmart own more wealth than the bottom 40 percent of America.
Says Mitt Romney was director of a company that stole millions from Medicare.
Middle-class Americans pay a higher tax rate than millionaires and billionaires.
on rail speed high
on high velocity rail
on high speed rail 
Winning enough pledged delegates is not impossible.
Atlanta now has as many visitors as Las Vegas, San Diego and Los Angeles. Orlando, Fla., and New York City still have more visitors.
The Bush administration pulled the troops out of Afghanistan, pulled the resources away, because they wanted to invade Iraq instead.
Bill OBriens Tea Party legislature tried to repeal kindergarten and compulsory education, defund Planned Parenthood and eliminate insurance coverage for birth control.
Says Proposition 205 blocks market entry for new marijuana dispensaries.
This is the same (farm) bill we voted on a few weeks ago, with the exception of one or two sentences.
Says none of the government programs targeted for elimination or severe cutback in House Republican spending plans appeared on the GAOs list of government programs at high risk of waste, fraud and abuse.
We refused to balance the budget on the backs of our children.
A majority of the American people opposed the health care law when it was signed and still oppose it today.
When Chuck Schumer and Marco Rubio tried to push amnesty, it was Ted Cruz who stopped them.
hillary clinton has already which shes going to wipe out the second amendment she doesnt believe in the first amendment and the big believes in also government said flies in the face of she th amendment
hillary clinton has already said shes going to wipe out the second base amendment she doesnt believe in the commencement amendment and she also believes in big government which flies in the present of the th amendment
hillary clinton has already said shes going to wipe out the second amendment she doesnt believe in the first amendment and she also believes in big government which flies in the face of the th amendment
Ohio lost 400,000 jobs on his (Ted Stricklands) watch.
Says Virginia, Florida and Georgia are the three states that are the principal source for gun trafficking.
says hillary clinton shows in up broward county and had a private meeting with elections supervisor brenda snipes
says sir edmund hillary clinton shows up in broward county and had a private meeting with elections supervisor brenda snipes
says hillary clinton shows up in broward county and had a private meeting with elections supervisor brenda snipes 
voter fraud provided a portion of the margin of victory of democrat john lehman over republican sen new wave wanggaard in a state senate reminiscence election
voter fraud provided recall portion of the victory of margin of democrat john lehman over republican sen van wanggaard in a state senate a election
voter fraud provided a portion of the margin of victory of democrat john lehman over republican sen van wanggaard in a state senate recall election 
Clayton County has employed 1,300 people over the past seven months through the Neighborhood Stabilization Program.
Health care reform plans being consided in Congress "will finally reduce the costs of health care."
Mayor Tom Barretts policies drove unemployment up 27 percent in Milwaukee, pushing it to one of Americas 10 worst cities for unemployment.
Two-thirds of our kids cant read at grade level.
Our debt now is about $140,000 per household.
Under Charlie Crist, Florida lost 825,000 jobs and the unemployment rate increased from 3.5 percent to 11.1 percent.
the massachusetts health care design dealt with pct of our population far less than the pct of american people affected by president barack obamas health care law
the our health care plan dealt with percent of massachusetts population far by than the percent of american people affected less president barack obamas health care law
the massachusetts health care plan dealt with percent of our population far less than the percent of american people affected by president barack obamas health care law 
georgias illegal immigration crackdown pentateuch should be visit the brown codes because of their similarity to the black codes governing blacks after the civil war
georgias illegal immigration crackdown laws should be black the brown codes because of their similarity to the called codes governing the after blacks civil war
georgias illegal immigration crackdown laws should be called the brown codes because of their similarity to the black codes governing blacks after the civil war 
Says Ken Cuccinelli tried to make it more difficult for mothers to obtain divorces.
"Incoming House Speaker Dean Cannon and incoming Senate President Mike Haridopolos have said they plan to champion efforts next legislative session to allow oil rigs off Florida's coast."
says his comment about extremists being a jv team up wasnt specifically referring to islamic state
says his comment about a being extremists jv team wasnt specifically referring to islamic state
says his comment about extremists being a jv team wasnt specifically referring to islamic state 
One man (New Castle, Del., County Executive, Chris Coons) thought property taxes should be hiked almost 50 percent.
NAFTA, signed by Bill Clinton, has been a disaster for Pennsylvania.
Social Security has not contributed to the debt and the deficits.
The American Power Act would cut our dependence on oil in half.
texas is one of only a handful of states that does not have an compeer pay law
texas is one of have a handful of states that does not only an equal pay law
texas is one of only a handful of states that does not have an equal pay law 
says charlie crists campaign bashedsen bill nelsons big government activity solutions
says charlie crists campaign nelsons bill bashedsen big government solutions
says charlie crists campaign bashedsen bill nelsons big government solutions 
There is no incontrovertible proof that speed, in and of itself, is the contributing factor to increasing (vehicular) fatalities.
Says proposed anti-abortion legislation would force women facing the most personal of health decisions to endure a transvaginal ultrasound.
Two of the top three (rated) public high schools in Wisconsin Ronald Reagan College Prep and Rufus King International are MPS schools.
By 2009, dozens of senior terrorists had been taken off the battlefield by drones.
says tommy thompson favor obamas health care mandate was publicly give thanks by obama for health reform support and that thompson says we cant repeal obamacare
says tommy thompson favors thompson health care mandate was publicly thanked by obama for health reform support and that obamas says we repeal cant obamacare
says tommy thompson favors obamas health care mandate was publicly thanked by obama for health reform support and that thompson says we cant repeal obamacare 
Says state Rep. Jim Keffer, a GOP lieutenant to House Speaker Joe Straus, "did mail pieces for Democrat Mark Strama to help him defeat" a Republican.
On abortion rights.
The Department of Justice, under the Obama administration, disagrees with the decision Judge Sotomayor made in the Ricci vs. DeStefano case.
Says that since 1975, redistricting by Texas lawmakers has always been found in violation of Section 5 of the Voting Rights Act.
there hampshire serious voter fraud in new was
there was serious voter shammer in new hampshire
there was serious voter fraud in new hampshire 
Tallahassee is the ninth-rainiest (city) in the nation.
Knopp says he upheld a campaign promise not to join the Public Employees Retirement System (PERS).
The United States is the only advanced country on Earth that doesnt guarantee paid maternity leave to our workers.
Faculty salaries at UW System institutions have now fallen more than 18 percent below the national average.
ISIS is in 32 countries.
After the oil spill, Congressman Adam Putnam "doubled down saying all energy sources, including oil drilling in the Gulf, should be considered just days after the oil spill started."
Global surface temperatures have been flat for 16 years.
says the democratic party createda debate schedule to maximize the opportunity to voters for see our candidates
says the democratic party createda debate agenda to maximize the opportunity for voters to see our candidates
says the democratic party createda debate schedule to maximize the opportunity for voters to see our candidates 
Says he lived up to a 2008 promise when he closed corporate tax loopholes that were sending profits overseas.
The United States has an immigration system where only 6.5 percent of people who come here, come here based on labor and skill.
We now consume at the federal level 25 percent of the gross domestic product. Historically we were at 20 percent. So weve taken 5 percent away from the private sector.
The Export-Import Bank doesnt cost taxpayers anything.
says gov kink scott is spending a quarter of a million of our tax dollars to robocall people
says gov tax scott is spending a quarter of a million of our rick dollars to robocall people
says gov rick scott is spending a quarter of a million of our tax dollars to robocall people 
Obama says hes put forward a specific $4 trillion deficit reduction plan.
On allowing abortion in cases of rape or incest, I have never said that or advocated that.
In South Florida, weve had nine inches of sea-level rise since the 1920s.
"Inequality in Texas is steadily getting worse, with very few rich people, a great many poor people, and fewer and fewer in the middle."
Says Mitt Romney has a corporation in Bermuda (but) failed to disclose that on seven different financial disclosures.
Washing your hands and covering your mouth when you cough makes a huge difference in reducing transmission of the flu.
Half of all personal bankruptcies in America "are caused by medical bills."
The president of the United States came in the Tuesday before the election in a ward that went 99% for him in the last election and they couldnt even (increase) the vote there.
Spending on welfare, on prisons, and education, all of those have dropped by hundreds of millions of dollars because of Arizonas immigration laws that drove outundocumented immigrants.
Over the last 20 years, the world has changed. It used to be that one could make a career out of working for one company. Today, the average worker stays at his or her job for barely four years.
we gave employee public be in the state the freedom to choose whether or not they want to every in a union
we afford every public employee in the state the freedom to choose whether or not they lack to be in a union
we gave every public employee in the state the freedom to choose whether or not they want to be in a union 
Scott Walker raises nearly 70 percent of his money from out of state
David Simpson actually voted for drivers licenses for illegal immigrants.
saysproposal to boostteacherpension fundputs no mandate on topical anaesthetic government
saysproposal to on fundputs no mandate boostteacherpension local government
saysproposal to boostteacherpension fundputs no mandate on local government 
says after hillary clinton man two helped accused of raping a year old shes seen laughing on a separate occasions laughing at the girl who was raped
says after hillary clinton avail a man accused of rap a year old shes seen laughing on two separate occasions laughing at the girl who was raped
says after hillary clinton helped a man accused of raping a year old shes seen laughing on two separate occasions laughing at the girl who was raped 
says gov scott walker said no to equal pay for equal work for adult female
says gov scott walker said no to for pay equal equal work for women
says gov scott walker said no to equal pay for equal work for women 
Says Bill Whites program to bring dropouts back to school was so successful that almost every city in our state has replicated it.
We werent told they wanted more security for diplomatic facilities in Libya.
says hillary clinton spent days in the hospital in and appeared bear glasses that are only for people who have traumatic brain combat injury
says hillary clinton spent days in the hospital in and who wearing for that are only glasses people appeared have traumatic brain injury
says hillary clinton spent days in the hospital in and appeared wearing glasses that are only for people who have traumatic brain injury 
When I became president and CEO of Godfathers Pizza, it was supposed to go bankrupt . . . We turned it around with common-sense business principles.
In Houston, Texas, today, there are no homeless veterans.
says the city of representatives alone has public relation portland on payroll which cost taxpayers over million a year
tell the city of portland alone has public relation representatives on payroll which cost taxpayers over million a year
says the city of portland alone has public relation representatives on payroll which cost taxpayers over million a year 
Since Obama took office, a net of 540,000 additional black Americans Obamas strongest supporters have lost their jobs.
Charlie Crists personal approval numbers are plummeting.
Most countries have no debt ceiling.
My opponent was on both the city of Chicago payroll and the state of Illinois payroll simultaneously, taking full salary, funding her full pension benefits both as a city worker and as a state worker for 10 years.
Says he holds the record for most appearances on Meet the Press.
says saddam hussein had a year family relationship with al qaida
says saddam hussein had a relationship year with al qaida
says saddam hussein had a year relationship with al qaida 
Congresswoman Frederica Wilson successfully postpones closure of the North Perry airport tower.
Every day, about 100 people will be arrested for possession of marijuana in Georgia.
Says that according to many reports and even our own data, the state of Texas spent more through Medicaid on orthodontia than all other states combined.
Just like Hillary Clinton, Russ Feingold had a run-in with corruption and scandal by using a personal slush fund -- a.k.a. the Feingold Foundation -- while plotting another run for U.S. Senate.
We know that every 85 visitors create one Florida job.
Since 2009, after-tax incomes are up nearly 14 percent.
We understand that this heroin is primarily coming from Mexico, over the border.
Ted Cruz has been to Iowa four times. Rio Grande Valley of Texas -- just once.
says the media created the term polar vortex and the cold air proves the ice melting isnt
says the media created the term polar vortex and the cold air proves the ice isnt dissolve
says the media created the term polar vortex and the cold air proves the ice isnt melting 
new jersey today has fewer employees in state politics than it had when christie whitman left office in january of and i consider thats good and we did it without any layoffs we did it through grinding
new jersey today it fewer employees in state government than christie had when it whitman through office in january of and i think thats good and we did it without any layoffs we did has left attrition
new jersey today has fewer employees in state government than it had when christie whitman left office in january of and i think thats good and we did it without any layoffs we did it through attrition 
Over the past 10 years, the number of people living in Lower Manhattan has nearly doubled. In fact, Lower Manhattan has added more people over the last 10 years than Atlanta, Dallas and Philadelphia combined.
Before we even passed health care, 4 millions kids got health insurance that didnt have it before, through the Childrens Health Insurance Program.
The top man at Yale Law School came out ... with just a raging report about former HP CEO Carly Fiorina,saying she isone of the worst executives in his memory in history running the company.
the american language slave trade caused million deaths or more
or american slave trade caused million deaths the more
the american slave trade caused million deaths or more 
"Last week, the Supreme Court reversed a century of law that I believe will open the floodgates for special interests including foreign corporations to spend without limit in our elections."
Says Texas colleges and universities may opt to allow guns on campuses.
The vast majority of minimum wage workers get a raise within a year.
the predicting go saints will the not only undefeated but all im way through the super bowl something thats never been done before
im predicting the saints will cristal not only undefeated but all the way through the tiptop bowl something thats never been done before
im predicting the saints will go not only undefeated but all the way through the super bowl something thats never been done before 
We have one of the most expensive General Assemblies, per capita, in the entire country.
"Since that famous day in February where the governor campaigned with Barack Obama on behalf of the stimulus program, 211,000 Floridians have lost their jobs."
Barack Obama's health care plan "would leave 15 million Americans out."
Says of 80,000 people who were denied a firearm in 2012 due to a failed background check, only 44 were prosecuted.
The health care numbers are going up.
While I was mayor of the city of Providence we had the lowest crime rate in 30 years.
Weve spent $6 trillion on the wars in the Middle East.
Says proponents of a bond package for the Austin school district say the district has the second-lowest bond tax rate among the Central Texas area school districts.
400,000 Oregonians have gained access to health care through the Affordable Care Act.
kansans lost obamacare health insurance because of their
kansans lost their health insurance policy because of obamacare
kansans lost their health insurance because of obamacare 
once the u s be signs a u n will on conventional arms all u s citizens treaty government subject to those gun laws created by foreign governments
once the u s government signs a u north treaty on conventional arms all u s citizens will be subject to those gun laws created by foreign government
once the u s government signs a u n treaty on conventional arms all u s citizens will be subject to those gun laws created by foreign governments 
Drilling in ANWR would have minimal impact, covering only "2,000 out of 20-million acres."
earl warren buffett recently said scrap obamacare and start all over
warren buffett recently said scrap obamacare and start over all
warren buffett recently said scrap obamacare and start all over 
When Georgia tightened its voter identification laws, the state sent a van and photographer to the homes of people who needed photo IDs and made them for free.
Over 40 of our 100 (House of) Delegates seats go uncontested every year, and over 40 percent of our state senate seats go uncontested every year.
Says Jeanne Shaheen voted to pave the way for a new national energy tax.
since obamacare became law of most our new jobs have been part time jobs
since obamacare became law most of our new line of work have been part time line of work
since obamacare became law most of our new jobs have been part time jobs 
Says that in Ohio right now, you could be 8 months pregnant and have an abortion for no reason.
we texas killed lots of innocent people in the state of have
we have killed lots of innocuous people in the state of texas
we have killed lots of innocent people in the state of texas 
"In some states, it is still legal to deny a woman coverage because she's been the victim of domestic violence."
of every three dollars in needy stamps for supposed food seven dollars in pensions and salaries go to the bureaucrats who are the to be taking care of the poor
of every three dollars in solid food revenue stamp for the needy seven dollars in salaries and pensions go to the bureaucrat who are supposed to be taking care of the poor
of every three dollars in food stamps for the needy seven dollars in salaries and pensions go to the bureaucrats who are supposed to be taking care of the poor 
former alaska governor sarah palin was right that president barack obamas health care bill created what would in event be death gore
what alaska governor sarah palin obamas right that president barack was health care bill created former would in effect be death panels
former alaska governor sarah palin was right that president barack obamas health care bill created what would in effect be death panels 
bill mccollum has accepted one thousand from lobbyists for planned parenthood
bill mccollum has accepted thousands from lobbyists parenthood planned for
bill mccollum has accepted thousands from lobbyists for planned parenthood 
cap and trade legislation that zack infinite supported would cost the average household approximately per twelvemonth in increased energy rates
cap energy trade legislation that zack space supported would cost the in household approximately per year average increased and rates
cap and trade legislation that zack space supported would cost the average household approximately per year in increased energy rates 
the made of independence was written on paper declaration out of hemp
the declaration of independence was written on theme made out of hemp
the declaration of independence was written on paper made out of hemp 
jason carters plan increase pass by billion
jason carters plan increase by spending billion
jason carters plan increase spending by billion 
dan seals has been running for function since before there were like ipods
dan seals were been running for office since before there has like ipods
dan seals has been running for office since before there were like ipods 
Whales live as long at SeaWorld as they do in the wild.
Women earn only 77 cents for every dollar earned by men in the same position.
the miami dolphins are the only nfl team in the entire nation that pays property assess
the miami dolphins are the in nfl team only the entire nation that pays property taxes
the miami dolphins are the only nfl team in the entire nation that pays property taxes 
texas says legislators in increased state spending on education
says texas legislators in increased state drop on education
says texas legislators in increased state spending on education 
While many of his colleagues turned down a $2,500 pay raise ... (Jeff) Plale pocketed the extra money.
U.S. Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison has voted nine separate times to raise the national debt ceiling.
Things went wrong with the Medicare prescription D plan that George Bush rolled out.
Child care costs in some states now exceed the average price tag for college tuition.
U.S. Senate candidate Michelle Nunn has avoided taking a stand on Obamacare.
There is debate among constitutional scholars about whether the First Amendment will continue to protect faith leaders from being forced to perform marriages against their religious beliefs.
Last year, American oil production reached its highest level since 2003.
The head of the FBI has told Congress they cannot vet those (Syrian) refugees.
eighty five percent of not funds collected in each the will be redistributed elsewhere the spent in county county in which it is collected
five percent of the funds equanimous in each county will be redistributed elsewhere not spent in the county in which it is equanimous
eighty five percent of the funds collected in each county will be redistributed elsewhere not spent in the county in which it is collected 
Weve rebuilt China.
say the ratio ceo of pay to average worker pay in the u s is to
say the ratio of ceo pay to average worker pay in the atomic number s is to
say the ratio of ceo pay to average worker pay in the u s is to 
In the year 2013, the Obama administration released 104,000 criminal illegal aliens. They released 196 murderers people with homicide convictions, who are here illegally.
more than women in texas have attempted to self make abortion in the past year alone
abortion than women in texas have attempted to self induce more in the past year alone
more than women in texas have attempted to self induce abortion in the past year alone 
Says Missouri families earning power is about $5,000 less today than it was at the turn of the century.
the platform of the with party says deport everybody and to hell republican it
the platform of the republican party says deport everybody and to perdition with it
the platform of the republican party says deport everybody and to hell with it 
Says MarcoRubio voted to slash school funding by billions of dollars and would eliminate the Department of Education.
registered of noncitizens are percent to vote
percentage of noncitizens are registered to vote
percent of noncitizens are registered to vote 
Redskins is used historically as a term of respect.
Says that in three legislative sessions, his proposals opening pre-kindergarten to all Texas 4-year-olds never got heard or voted out of committee.
Seven of the 10 school districts with the lowest graduation rate for African-American boys in the country are in Florida.
\u201CThirty-four percent of Hispanics don\u2019t have any health care at all, don\u2019t have any health insurance.\u201D
Says when New Jersey adopted guaranteed coverage and cost provisions without a mandate individual health insurance market rates doubled or tripled and enrollment dropped from 180,000 people to 80,000 people.
Says PolitiFact has said he kept a campaign promise to toughen ethics rules.
says milwaukee county executive chris silver leaved poplar is a billionaire
says milwaukee county executive billionaire abele is a chris
says milwaukee county executive chris abele is a billionaire 
Florida high schools are four out of the top 10 in the entire United States.
On supporting the eventual Republican presidential nominee
state employees will have to pay health of their pensions and percent insurance after
state employees will have to pay percent of their pension and health insurance after
state employees will have to pay percent of their pensions and health insurance after 
It used to be that the only children at school who werent vaccinated were those who had true medical conditions. Now there are 19 states that allow personal belief exemptions.
The state bureaucracy Jane Norton managed grew by $43 million in just three years.
Says a pro-Democratic ad is false for saying that he allowed two disgraced staffers in 2012 to resign.
Members of Congress did not have three days to read the bill when the stimulus was rushed into law.
say atomic number s rep sean duffy is among seven tea party freshmen who spent an average of on cars for themselves
says u s rep sean duffy an among of tea party freshmen who spent is average seven on cars for themselves
says u s rep sean duffy is among seven tea party freshmen who spent an average of on cars for themselves 
for advancing state money on a formula one race
on advancing state money for a pattern one race
on advancing state money for a formula one race
The 2006 Massachusetts health care law has added (only) about 1 percent to our state budget.
they talk about this problem the binding from it doesnt make a lot of sense to me somebody have to arbitration los angeles fly into back and impose a wage settlement on you and then theyre on with plane zanesville to los angeles
they talk about this problem with binding arbitrament it doesnt ca ca a lot of sense to me to have soul from los angeles fly into zanesville and impose a wage small town on you and then theyre on the plane back to los angeles
they talk about this problem with binding arbitration it doesnt make a lot of sense to me to have somebody from los angeles fly into zanesville and impose a wage settlement on you and then theyre on the plane back to los angeles 
in the paper s u predicted that by the s all government would come from hemp and that no more trees would need to be cut down
in the u s government predicted that by the s all newspaper publisher would come from hemp and that no more trees would need to be snub down
in the u s government predicted that by the s all paper would come from hemp and that no more trees would need to be cut down 
Says Mitt Romney has put forward a plan that would cut taxes for millionaires while raising them for the middle class.
I started with a $3.7 billion budget deficit. Now we are projecting a $1.2 billion surplus.
Says the states new collective bargaining law effectively eliminates police unions ability to negotiate.
on changing the rules for on filibusters presidential nominees
on changing the rules for filibusterer on presidential nominees
on changing the rules for filibusters on presidential nominees
(Newt Gingrich) voted in favor of establishing the Department of Education, and yet he gets in a debate and says we should get rid of the Department of Education and send all the education issues back to the states.
(Mary) Burke was a senior member of the Doyle administration that left Wisconsin with 130,000 fewer jobs.
Our last budget committed the highest level of need-based financial aid in state history.
Independent voters have a ten-point margin in favor of Mitt Romney right now.
China is going to have twice the number of submarines we have in just over a decade.
Senate immigration legislation is the Obama-Reid plan to give illegal immigrants amnesty.
In about three weeks over a half million Floridians are going to lose their coverage again through Obamacare.
Says Romney tax plan could take away middle-class deductions for child care, mortgages and college tuition.
Ive been through four campaigns and have not done any negative campaigning.
Up to 80 percent of small businesses will be forced to give up their current plans due to new Obamacare regulations.
Tea Party Congressman Frank Guinta voted for billions in cuts to veterans programs.
says hillary clinton wrote i believe the primary quill role of the state is to teach prepare and raise children parents have a secondary role
says hillary clinton wrote i believe the primary role role the state a to teach train and raise children parents have is secondary of
says hillary clinton wrote i believe the primary role of the state is to teach train and raise children parents have a secondary role 
Since 1978, California has spent $5 billion to put 13 people to death.
The economy always does better when theres a Democrat in the White House.
U.S. forces in Iraq and Afghanistan include a "few thousand that are still green card holders who are not even citizens of this country."
On support for Ted Cruz
Obamacare was patterned after (Mitt Romneys) plan in Massachusetts.
Georgia has some of the best maintained roads in America.
the paul ryan medicare proposal would leave the country without budget
the paul ryan budget proposal would impart the country without medicare
the paul ryan budget proposal would leave the country without medicare 
a national organization says georgia has one of americas ethics toughest laws
a home organization says georgia has one of americas toughest ethics laws
a national organization says georgia has one of americas toughest ethics laws 
Americas wealthiest 25 percent pay 86 percent of total income taxes. Wealthiest 5 percent pay 60 percent of total income taxes.
We dont take a dime from D.C. lobbyists or special-interest PACs -- never have and never will.
Sen. (Richard) Burr voted no on the Violence Against Women Act.
Within the three miles surrounding the University Circle area, infant mortality exceeds some Third World countries.
In the past four years, (the U.S. Senate) has only passed nine out of 48 appropriation bills.
human activity is not causing climate dramatic changes to our these
human activity is not causing these striking changes to our climate
human activity is not causing these dramatic changes to our climate 
Most of the Bush tax cuts went to people in the top 3 percent of this country.
About 750,000 people die in China each year from auto emissions.
Florida has reduced its carbon emissions by 20 percent since 2005.
in three daylight last week gov rick perry aviate to five cities at taxpayers expense holding press conferences delivering in checks
in three perry last week gov rick days holding to five cities at taxpayers expense flew press conferences delivering in checks
in three days last week gov rick perry flew to five cities at taxpayers expense holding press conferences delivering in checks 
Says Scott Brown voted to reward companies to ship jobs overseas.
"The richest 1 percent have more financial wealth than the bottom 95 percent combined."
away landrieu voted to take mary your gun rights
blessed virgin landrieu voted to take away your gun rights
mary landrieu voted to take away your gun rights 
Says hesecured the highest possible bond rating for the city of Tampa.
Says Connie Macks Penny Plan would cut over $200 billion out of Medicare, over $1 trillion out of Social Security. ... $3 trillion out of defense.
Says a Lubbock terror suspects alleged plan to use baby dolls to conceal chemical explosives is similar to a 1995 plot to blow up 12 jumbo jets over the Pacific Ocean.
Says a recent study shows Florida students are second in the world in fourth grade reading, behind Singapore.
says president barack obama has an environmental protection agency proposal that would enkindle the price of gas by cents a gallon
says obama barack president has an environmental protection agency proposal that would raise the price of gasoline gallon cents a by
says president barack obama has an environmental protection agency proposal that would raise the price of gasoline by cents a gallon 
appalachian power company profits making record is
appalachian power fellowship is making record profits
appalachian power company is making record profits 
For the first time in 35 years, we have more businesses closing than starting.
according in the book of revelations the anti christ will be a man to his s of muslim it is descent obama
harmonise to the book of revelations the anti jesus will be a man in his s of muslim descent is it obama
according to the book of revelations the anti christ will be a man in his s of muslim descent is it obama 
right texas constitution still contains jim crow provisions about the poll restrictions and tax on women having the the to vote
the texas constitution stock still contains jim crow provisions about the poll tax and restrictions on women having the right to suffrage
the texas constitution still contains jim crow provisions about the poll tax and restrictions on women having the right to vote 
With the exception of slavery and the Chinese Exclusion Act, our laws have never barred persons from becoming citizens.
If voters agree in November to approve a one-cent sales tax increase, that will give "Hillsborough County the highest sales tax of all Florida counties."
Says Donald Trump has written 10 checks to Hillary Clinton and four of those checks were not to her Senate campaign. It was to her presidential campaign.
says president bill clinton did not nafta sign
says president bill president clinton did not sign nafta
says president bill clinton did not sign nafta 
Says Gov. Scott Walker cut aid to local schools despite campaigning on trying to restore two-thirds state funding for education
On support for U.S. Rep. Paul Ryans Medicare reform plan
For 21 countries in Sub-Saharan Africa, we simply do not have data to say anything about trends in poverty.
health reform will give every american the same opportunity to bribe health insurance the way members of congress do
health reform american give every will the same opportunity to buy health insurance the way members of congress do
health reform will give every american the same opportunity to buy health insurance the way members of congress do 
Donald Trump rooted for the housing crisis, because he knew he could make money off of it.
the free obama of information act of would guarantee accountable flow will never be held barack for producing forged birth documents
the detached flow of information act of would guarantee barack obama will never be held accountable for producing forged birth text file
the free flow of information act of would guarantee barack obama will never be held accountable for producing forged birth documents 
wi ranks th out of all states in venture capital investment
wisconsin ranks th out of states all in venture capital investment
wisconsin ranks th out of all states in venture capital investment 
The CDC is spending money on things like jazzercise, urban gardening and massage therapy that could be redirected to Ebola.
When I was fighting against cap and trade, the speaker was sitting down with Nancy Pelosi on a sofa encouraging it.
Savannah is home to the fastest-growing port in the nation.
If you are a federally licensed gun dealer and your license is revoked because youve engaged in misconduct ... your entire inventory under prevailing law is deemed your personal collection. You then can sell it free from any background checks.
In the past year, Floridians, not government, created almost 135,000 new private sector jobs. We netted more than 120,000 total jobs in the first 11 months of 2011; the third most of any state in the nation.
Says that when Republicans held Congress and the presidency, they doubled the size of the (U.S.) Department of Education.
"My friend, we have increased the size of government by some 40 percent just in the last few years."
"In New York, when she ran for reelection, she carried 58 of our 62 counties. George Bush had won 40 counties in New York just two years earlier."
Wisconsin is 38th in the country in terms of proficiency standards in student testing.
Says that Sarah Palin and Craig Huey would ban a womans right to choose in every case
Six years after unionization, 20,000 fewer children in Illinois were being served by the Child Care and Development Fund program.
A government report shows that alternatives to the Keystone XL pipeline are worse for the environment.
John McCain and George W. Bush want to spend "a trillion dollars in Iraq over the next 10 years."
Says Justice Elena Kagan recused herself in many cases where she had little role as solicitor general, simply because of the appearance of a conflict of interest.
"Democrats rang up a $1.42 trillion budget deficit in 2009 the single largest in American history."
common core expects english teachers to half at least spend every their reading instructional time at of grade level on informational texts
common core have a bun in the oven english teachers to spend at least one half of their reading instructional time at every grade level on informational texts
common core expects english teachers to spend at least half of their reading instructional time at every grade level on informational texts 
if they made no changes any the state employees pension plan still had enough money to go forward for more or less the next years
if they forward no changes whatsoever the state employees pension plan still had enough made to go money for approximately the next years
if they made no changes whatsoever the state employees pension plan still had enough money to go forward for approximately the next years 
says its an wobbly wives story that margaret thatcher told george h w bush not to go old
says its an old wives story that margaret thatcher told george henry w bush not to go wobbly
says its an old wives story that margaret thatcher told george h w bush not to go wobbly 
oil companies havent touched million where acres they already have rights to drill
oil companies havent touched zillion acres where they already have rights to drill
oil companies havent touched million acres where they already have rights to drill 
Says President Barack Obama failed to stand up for the bipartisan debt solutions of the Simpson-Bowles Commission.
phoenix arizona im told is now the no kidnapping capital in city world right behind mexico the
capital of arizona arizona im told is now the no kidnapping capital in the world right behind mexico city
phoenix arizona im told is now the no kidnapping capital in the world right behind mexico city 
congresswoman kathy castor vote to spend million to teach prostitutes in china to drink responsibly
china kathy castor voted to spend million to teach prostitutes in congresswoman to drink responsibly
congresswoman kathy castor voted to spend million to teach prostitutes in china to drink responsibly 
On the main GOP presidential debate:Not one candidate on the debate stage has military experience
"As governor, Mike Huckabee supported higher income taxes, sales taxes, gas taxes, grocery taxes, tobacco taxes, beer taxes, Internet taxes, nursing home bed taxes."
"As a percentage of gross domestic product, we are reducing nondefense discretionary spending to its lowest level since the '60s, lower than it was under Reagan, lower than it was under Clinton, lower than it was under Bush, or both Bushes."
Says Donald Trump supports the Wall Street bailout.
Georgia is one of three states that effectively have no regulations whatsoever on lobbyists giving to legislators.
Live cats have holes drilled into their skulls, posts put into their heads and coils put into their eyes, and some have had their ears cut off or are intentionally deafened or starved at UW-Madison labs that do research to improve hearing in humans.
says ron lyndon baines johnson is benefiting from several super pacs i am not
pacs ron johnson is benefiting from several super says i am not
says ron johnson is benefiting from several super pacs i am not 
One international flight a day in a wide-bodied jet ... one flight daily generates $150 million a year and approximately 2,300 jobs.
didnt i raise taxes once
i didnt acclivity taxes once
i didnt raise taxes once 
Mitt Romney did not endorse Ted Cruz, even though he said he is voting for Cruz and urged others to do likewise.
says the health care law great care like systems in canada and rations britain
says the health care law ration out care like systems in canada and great britain
says the health care law rations care like systems in canada and great britain 
Oregon is spending $10 million advertising Obamacare with ads that dont even mention the program and how to enroll in it and that dont mention the word insurance.
Says the Treasury Department says 41 percent of all business income reported on individual returns would be hit by the [millionaires] surtax that would harm small businessmen and women, the very people we are counting on to create new jobs.
I led the fight to require the Coast Guard to buy their engines from us, not foreign companies.
on sandra court oconnor i think one reason she was a good judge is she had no judicial experience joined she before the supreme day
on sandra day oconnor i remember one reason she was a good justice is she had no judicial experience before she joined the supreme court
on sandra day oconnor i think one reason she was a good judge is she had no judicial experience before she joined the supreme court 
says politifact says amendment will force counties and cities to florida across raise taxes and fees
says politifact says amendment will force counties and cities crosswise florida to raise taxes and fees
says politifact says amendment will force counties and cities across florida to raise taxes and fees 
In Massachusetts, half of the primary care doctors are not accepting new patients.
"He took on special interests and won, passing the toughest ethics law yet."
says u s repp steve southerland voted himself health care for life
says u life rep steve southerland voted himself health care for s
says u s rep steve southerland voted himself health care for life 
a proposed san antonio ordinance will men allow into womens restrooms in the city
a proposed san antonio ordinance will allow men into charwoman restrooms in the city
a proposed san antonio ordinance will allow men into womens restrooms in the city 
john backed cornyn his pal david dewhurst for the u s senate over ted cruz
john cornyn backed his pal david dewhurst for the u s united states senate over ted cruz
john cornyn backed his pal david dewhurst for the u s senate over ted cruz 
Since 1999, 440 people have been killed in attacks on church property in the United States.
says scott walker runs a state government that bans climate from talking about employees change
says scott walker runs a state regime that bans employees from talking about climate change
says scott walker runs a state government that bans employees from talking about climate change 
"As a state senator, he (Obama) even refused to support a measure to stop sex businesses from opening near schools or places of worship!"
reclaiming could cut unemployment in half simply by we the jobs taken by illegal workers
we could foreshorten unemployment in half simply by reclaiming the jobs taken by illegal workers
we could cut unemployment in half simply by reclaiming the jobs taken by illegal workers 
We are in the sixth year of recovery, and median income is below what it was at the start of the recovery.
The unemployment rate for folks whove never gone to college is almost double what it is for those who have.
Under the federal Controlled Substance Act, marijuana is listed in the same Schedule I as heroin, even though marijuana is not a killer drug like heroin.
as a issue of obamacare we are becoming something of a part time employment country
as a result of obamacare we are becoming something a of part time employment country
as a result of obamacare we are becoming something of a part time employment country 
oregon repp tina kotek d portland has never held a job nor run a business
oregon rep tina run d portland has never held a job nor kotek a business
oregon rep tina kotek d portland has never held a job nor run a business
Its estimated we leave somewhere north of $350 billion a year - thats billion - a year on the table uncollected because IRS doesnt have the resources.
The Rev. Wright compared "the United States Marine Corps with Roman legionnaires who were responsible for the death of our Savior."
Says Nevada state Sen. Michael Roberson forced Common Core for Nevada schools.
In 2011, our state-run lottery funded New Jersey classrooms by over $930 million.
Social Security was advocated in the 1930s as a way of getting people to quit working, because they thought we were confined to a permanent scarcity of jobs in this country.
"I didn't say" it doesn't really matter whether Gore or Bush is president.
There isnt a single (Texas) legislator under the age of 30, even though millennials make up 25 percent of the electorate in Texas.
Langevin votes the party line about 98 percent of the time."
Says that in 2008, President Barack Obama said normalization with Cuba would first require liberation of all political prisoners and some basic steps toward freedom, including freedom of the press, political parties, labor unions.
The United States currently has the highest corporate tax rate in the world.
i finished the controversyabout wherepresident barack obama was bear
i finished the controversyabout was barack obama wherepresident born
i finished the controversyabout wherepresident barack obama was born 
money is issues million pot of there for redistricting no including defending redistricting lawsuits your tax dollars are not being spent on anything like that
there is no million potbelly of money for redistricting upshot including defending redistricting lawsuits your tax dollars are not being spent on anything like that
there is no million pot of money for redistricting issues including defending redistricting lawsuits your tax dollars are not being spent on anything like that 
Georgia has had 12 school shootings in the two years since the mass killing at Sandy Hook Elementary School, more than any other state.
If you are going to kill the families of terrorists, realize that theres something called the Geneva Convention were going to have to pull out of.
David Perdue opposes laws that provide equal pay protections for women.
A quarter of our workers make $18,000 per year.
Twenty-three million Americans suffer from addiction, but only 1 in 10 get treatment.
Reconciliation was used "for tax cuts for the rich twice under Bush."
We had an agreement that the president could have signed that would have kept 10,000 troops in Iraq.
we dont show people playing these games we dont show them winning playing the video drawing games
we dont show people playing these games we dont show lottery winning playing the video them games
we dont show people playing these games we dont show them winning playing the video lottery games 
Weve got the highest corporate tax rate in the world.
the states tax burden has according to census figures released today residents our state another cost in
the states tax burden has according to census figures exhaust today cost our state another residents in
the states tax burden has according to census figures released today cost our state another residents in 
Nonpartisan government analysts say Obamacare will cost our economy up to 2.5 million jobs.
A gas tax holiday "would at best provide 30 cents a day for three months for a grand total of $28."
Says recent polls show Americans agree with Republicans that the federal debt ceiling should not be raised and the debt and deficit should be dealt with mostly by cutting spending.
New business startups are at the lowest levels in 30 years.
Florida is one of the few states that has actually had a narrowing of the achievement gap based on income, or based on race or ethnicity.
Says Ken Cuccinelli supported a law that could allow people to carry missile launchers into airports.
Says that U.S. Sen. Marco Rubio says troops are leaving Iraq too fast.
Medicare has spent $172 million on penis pumps in the last five years at $360 a pop.
Ted Strickland stands in lockstep with Hillary Clinton and the abortion lobby in their desire to force Americans to pay for abortion on demand, up until the moment of birth, with their taxpayer dollars.
Says the top 20 percent of income earners pay nearly 70 percent of all federal taxes.
Most of the U.S. Senate is comprised of multimillionaires.
far more children died last year drowning in their bathtubs than were killed accidentally by ordnance
far drowning children died last year more in their bathtubs than were killed accidentally by guns
far more children died last year drowning in their bathtubs than were killed accidentally by guns 
In the last two years, super PACs raised more than $180 million -- with roughly half of it coming from fewer than 200 super-rich people and roughly 20 percent from corporations.
industries republicans required the use of styrofoam cups in house cafeterias that are part of koch house
house republicans call for the use of styrofoam cups in house cafeterias that are part of koch industries
house republicans required the use of styrofoam cups in house cafeterias that are part of koch industries 
isis is right now crucifying christians in iraq literally pick up christians to trees
isis is right now crucifying christians literally iraq in nailing christians to trees
isis is right now crucifying christians in iraq literally nailing christians to trees 
Research found that over the course of the existence of the Brady Bill ban, the use of assault weapons in crimes decreased by two thirds.
"I have a record on the environment of creating green energy ... taking trash and turning it into cash."
Tyler Perrys plan to turn a majority of the former Fort McPherson into a film and television studio is expected to add over 8,000 new jobs to Atlanta.
The Dallas Cowboys cant put a sticker on their helmets for the 5 police officers who were killed.
Richmond teachers have not gotten a raise for almost 10 years.
When the NECAP proficiency test is re-given to the kids the second and third time, harder questions are taken out.
The fastest-rising expense in the U.S. Defense Department is health care.
Wisconsin state and local government workers pay $500, $600 or in some cases, $1,000 per year in union dues.
When you get a commercial pilots license, you learn to communicate in English no matter where you are in the world.
25,000 businesses have been created since (Scott) Walker took office.
Texas is growing twice as fast as the rest of the country.
on the importance of record independent voting an
on the grandness of an independent voting record
on the importance of an independent voting record
A 50-50 public-private split for paying for a new Milwaukee Bucks arena would be much better -- in terms of the portion of the public financing -- than most of the other arena projects done around the country.
Right-to-work states have higher rates of income growth.
americas if related homicide rate and be about the same as belgiums jersey you left out california illinois d c would new gun places with some of the strictest gun control laws in the u s
americas gun touch homicide rate would be about the same as belgiums if you left out california prairie state d c and new jersey places with some of the nonindulgent gun control laws in the u s
americas gun related homicide rate would be about the same as belgiums if you left out california illinois d c and new jersey places with some of the strictest gun control laws in the u s 
There are more pain clinics in Broward County than there are McDonalds in Broward County.
Says military commanders have said that if Donald Trump were elected, they would not follow his orders.
In her nearly decade and (a) half in Congress, Tammy Baldwin has sponsored 105 bills. Only three have been enacted into law.
former president george vice bush europe former w president dick cheney are unable to visit and due to outstanding warrants
former president george w george walker bush and former frailty president dick cheney are unable to visit europe due to outstanding warrants
former president george w bush and former vice president dick cheney are unable to visit europe due to outstanding warrants 
Michelle Nunn ranks agriculture issues as the 18th most important items facing Georgia.
The market is making this decision. The market has driven down the cost of coal, so you have companies going bankrupt.
Alison Alter has exploited a campaign finance loophole to obtain over $64,000 in public dollars to fund her campaign.
In the 100 days since its passage, the economic stimulus has "saved or created nearly 150,000 jobs."
says texas retained the right to have navy a when it joined the united states
says texas retained the compensate to have a navy when it joined the united states
says texas retained the right to have a navy when it joined the united states 
Says Thom Tillis has cut $500 million from public education.
says ted cruz said while there far have gays an age difference josh duggars transgressions are may less an affront to god than what been do to each other
says ted cruz said while there may have been an age difference banter duggars transgressions are alir less an affront to god than what gays do to each other
says ted cruz said while there may have been an age difference josh duggars transgressions are far less an affront to god than what gays do to each other 
the wic in is percent incredibly cost effective program serving than million americans each year and costing less nearly per person program my district more than an of residents suffer from food insecurity and depend on meet to make ends wic
the wic program is an incredibly cost in force program serving nearly million americans each year and costing less than per person in my district more than percent of residents bear from food for thought insecurity and depend on wic to make ends satisfy
the wic program is an incredibly cost effective program serving nearly million americans each year and costing less than per person in my district more than percent of residents suffer from food insecurity and depend on wic to make ends meet 
Puerto Ricos $70 billion debt is unsustainable and it is unpayable. And the reason why it is unsustainable has everything to do with the greed of Wall Street vulture funds.
During the last election, Democrats won over a million votes more than Republicans, but because of the way districts are designed, the Republicans got 33 more members of the House of Representatives than the Democrats did.
says barack obama adams on sandy counted to approve stimulus spending
says barack obama count on sandy adams to approve stimulus spending
says barack obama counted on sandy adams to approve stimulus spending 
Says Rep. Betty Sutton supports allowing welfare fund withdrawals from strip clubs, casinos and liquor stores.
Says the United States has the highest incarceration rate in the world with 2.3 million inmates, and the majority of Americans are imprisoned because they sold small amounts of drugs.
The stimulus bill contains $20 million for the removal of small to medium-sized fish passage barriers and $25 million to rehabilitate off-roading trails for ATVs.
Says he helped save the Olympic games.
Thanks to restrictive and anticompetitive ballot laws, candidates in November 2014 ran unopposed in nearly half of Wisconsins state representative races but in Michigan and Minnesota nearly all races had challengers.
This week liberal Bill White faced an ethics complaint about more than $83,000 he failed to report to the state Ethics Commission.
documents released by edward snowden reveal that american britishand israeli intelligence agencies state together to create the islamic worked
documents released by edward iii snowden reveal that american britishand israeli intelligence agencies worked together to create the islamic state
documents released by edward snowden reveal that american britishand israeli intelligence agencies worked together to create the islamic state 
"Senator McCain voted against the Bush tax cuts. Now he's for them."
With his proposal to cut income and property taxes, Scott Walker is increasing the state deficit at a time when borrowing is already at record levels.
isis is making millions of dollars libyan week selling a oil
isis is making millions of dollars a calendar week selling libyan oil
isis is making millions of dollars a week selling libyan oil 
The federal government is spending 25 percent of our entire economy versus 100 years ago we spent only 2 percent.
In Congress, (Cresent Hardy) voted to defund DACA.
After today, @GovJayNixon will have been overridden more times than all previous governors in #MO history #moleg
Patrick Murphy voted for Obamacare in 2010, yet he reversed himself and voted to delay the employer mandate and the individual mandate.
Rick Scott's former health care company, Columbia/HCA, committed "fraud."
"President Obama himself attempted to filibuster Justice Alito, who now sits on the Supreme Court."
Polling shows that nearly 74 percent of National Rifle Association members support requiring background checks for all gun sales.
We have almost 68,000 Georgia students who are required by law to attend a chronically failing school.
Tens of billions of dollars (from taxpayer-funded bailouts) ... flowed straight through AIG into the coffers of foreign corporations and foreign banks.
you and i know created in the history of mankind and womankind government federal state local that otherwise has never or one job
you and i make out that in the history of mankind and womankind government federal state local or otherwise has neer created one job
you and i know that in the history of mankind and womankind government federal state local or otherwise has never created one job 
Rhode Island has the highest dropout rate in New England at twenty-three percent.
"Daniel Webster said he's out. Now he says he's in."
under my platform i will make no changes to the current medicare and for current system retirees anyone approaching retirement
under my chopine i will make no changes to the current medicare system for current withdraw and anyone approaching retirement
under my platform i will make no changes to the current medicare system for current retirees and anyone approaching retirement 
The Greenest County in America.
Says El Paso was named Americas Safest Large City a year after San Antonio, Houston and Dallas had the nations highest crime rates.
The Pentagons survey about the Dont Ask, Dont Tell policy found that 92 percent of service members agree that they could serve ... in a unit in combat without compromising mission readiness.
Since Volvo spurned Georgia for South Carolina in early May, some 3,455 jobs promising more than $800 million in investments have come to the Peach State.
Ben Carson is running for president to eliminate dependency on government. But he doesnt mention that he grew up in public schools, got public housing and food stamps, got free glasses from a government program, was helped by Affirmative Action, and got Pell Grants for college.
We are taking Virginias investment in public education to the highest level in the commonwealths history.
"FDR was called a socialist and a communist."
over the last four years the shortage has deceased up but percent of that is as a consequence of president george w bushs policies and the recession
consequence the last four years the deficit has gone up but percent of that is bushs a over of president george w as policies and the recession
over the last four years the deficit has gone up but percent of that is as a consequence of president george w bushs policies and the recession 
Weve had 27 (Ebola) outbreaks around the globe and theyve never spread outside of the confines of the countries that were initially affected.
On his support for Donald Trump.
Says Donald Trump said at the Republican convention, I alone can fix it.
We are looking at 150,000 barrels (of oil) per day less next year, and 200,000 barrels per day less being able to be developed from the gulf the year after because of the moratorium on new drilling enacted by the Obama administration.
Barack Obamas recess appointment of Richard Cordray is precisely what then-Sen. Obama claimed would be the wrong thing to do.
This is the only state in the country that bypassed the General Assembly to authorize [in-state tuition for undocumented immigrants].
Of the 18 stadiums built from 2004 to 2013, 47 percent of the total cost came from public sources.
pres obamas finance team a recommending is tax on all transactions at any financial institution
pres obamas finance squad is recommending a tax on all transactions at any financial institution
pres obamas finance team is recommending a tax on all transactions at any financial institution 
says a u national people shows the majority of the american poll believe we should have a gold standard for new s currency
allege a new national poll shows the majority of the american people believe we should have a gold standard for u s currentness
says a new national poll shows the majority of the american people believe we should have a gold standard for u s currency 
Says Barack Obama is trying to slash funding for the Armed Pilots Program designed to prevent terror attacks.
even our atomic arsenal doesnt work it came out recently they have equipment that is years old they dont know if it shape
even our nuclear arsenal doesnt work it came out recently have they equipment that is years old if dont know they it worked
even our nuclear arsenal doesnt work it came out recently they have equipment that is years old they dont know if it worked 
seize you log into the governments cash for clunkers web site cars gov from your home computer the government can if all of your private and personal information track and your computer activity
if you log into the governments cash for clunkers web internet site cars gov from your base computing device the government can seize all of your personal and private information and track your computing device activity
if you log into the governments cash for clunkers web site cars gov from your home computer the government can seize all of your personal and private information and track your computer activity 
The oil and natural gas industry provides or supports 141,600 jobs in Georgia.
in the state legislature passed more than jillion in tax increases
in the tax legislature passed more than billion in state increases
in the state legislature passed more than billion in tax increases 
Says under our current sentencing laws, about 75 percent of all convicted felons in Oregon do not go to prison.
right now were the gamey taxed country in the world
right now were the highest taxed world in the country
right now were the highest taxed country in the world 
Sotomayor has had her rulings thrown out by the court a troubling four times.
Todd Staples recently tried to woo his supporters and right-wing base by suggesting the Agriculture Commission cut programs intended to feed the elderly and disabled, many of whom are veterans.
In the first round of repayments from financial institutions that received TARP money, the government has actually turned a profit.
Says he has seen Border Patrol signs near the Mexico border in English, Spanish and Chinese.
George W. Bush was the least popular president in modern history.
says plague reid when asked about the republican river field said the republican river he likes the best is donald trump and he said because i can work with him hell skip deals
asked harry reid when says about the deals field said the republican he republican the best is donald trump and he said because i can work with him hell cut likes
says harry reid when asked about the republican field said the republican he likes the best is donald trump and he said because i can work with him hell cut deals 
Current projections indicate that Medicare will go bankrupt by 2017, while Social Security will bottom out by 2037.
The Green Bay Packers are a socialist organization.
"The first installment of health care reform ... will raise the deficit by $250 billion."
economical inequality in multnomah county has a face and a name it has faces and cite the number of county residents who are still unemployed people or underemployed in the wake of the wall street crash
economic inequality in multnomah county has a face and a name it has faces and names the number of county unemployed who or still street are underemployed in the wake of the wall residents crash
economic inequality in multnomah county has a face and a name it has faces and names the number of county residents who are still unemployed or underemployed in the wake of the wall street crash 
On tax breaks for businesses
Greg Abbott was charged with overseeing the state cancer research fund. But he let his wealthiest donors take tens of millions of taxpayer dollars without proper oversight. They showered Abbott with gifts and free vacations.
My debt to GDP was the lowest or one of the lowest of modern presidents. My taxes to GDP was the lowest and my spending to GDP was too.
Says over the last 48 years, every governor at the midterm of his first term or her first term has lost seats in the Legislature, with the exception of Jim McGreevey in 2003.
As speaker, Gingrich even supported taxpayer funding of some abortions.
It has been 80 years since a Supreme Court vacancy was nominated and confirmed in an election year. There is a long tradition that you dont do this in an election year.
obama announces plans for a tierce term presidential run
for announces plans obama a third term presidential run
obama announces plans for a third term presidential run
a hidden provision in the medical care law taxes sporting goods as health devices
a hidden provision in the health care law assess sporting goods as medical devices
a hidden provision in the health care law taxes sporting goods as medical devices 
Says the 2011-13 state budget eliminates the structural deficit for the first time in decades.
Barack Obama "cut taxes for working families."
the georgia regional transportation authority concluded that light rail in cobb county would more than double commute time and would therefore be unsuccessful in relieve dealings congestion
the georgia regional transportation authority concluded that light county in cobb rail would more than double commute time traffic would therefore be unsuccessful in alleviating and congestion
the georgia regional transportation authority concluded that light rail in cobb county would more than double commute time and would therefore be unsuccessful in alleviating traffic congestion 
Every time somebody new gets the Ebola virus, it mutates.
i have not said that i was a payer single supporter
i have not said that i was a single remunerator supporter
i have not said that i was a single payer supporter 
George LeMieux voted against the majority of Republicans and joined with Democrats to create a Task Force For Responsible Fiscal Action that looks strikingly similar to the Super Committee now being set up in Washington to justify massive tax hikes.
The Democratic health care bill will "collect higher taxes for 10 years and provide health care for only six years."
A new manufacturing plant is slated to create about 3,000 jobs in central and northeast Georgia and create about a $3 billion infusion into the economy.
Since Gov. Nathan Deal office in 2011, the states rainy day fund has grown by 643 percent.
built president barack obama says this trillion debt
says president barack obama build up this trillion debt
says president barack obama built this trillion debt 
the irs is going our be in charge of to health care
the irs is going away to be in charge of our health care
the irs is going to be in charge of our health care 
Im also the only lieutenant governor to not take a security detail.
"You've got a building in the Cayman Islands that supposedly houses 12,000 corporations. That's either the biggest building or the biggest tax scam on record."
says obama is only president in declaration the has deliberately removed the words endowed by their creator when referring to who history of independence
says obama is only president in history who has designedly removed the words endowed by their god almighty when referring to the declaration of independence
says obama is only president in history who has deliberately removed the words endowed by their creator when referring to the declaration of independence 
Says Michael Bennet votes for President Obamas agenda 98 percent of the time. Hardly independent, hardly bipartisan.
The price tag amounted to nearly $4,200 for every man, woman and child in the state.
"John McCain wants to privatize Social Security."
If you're over 65 years old in America today, you have no choice but to be in Medicare. Even if you want out of Medicare, you have to forfeit your Social Security to get out of it.
Although we have twice the population of Greece, the state of Florida employs three times fewer government employees.
says donald trumps presidential victory was an landslide electoral
tell donald trumps presidential victory was an electoral landslide
says donald trumps presidential victory was an electoral landslide 
Wisconsins rainy day fund is 165 times bigger than when we first took office.
In FY 2014 Planned Parenthood performed 327,653 abortions while receiving $528 million from taxpayers, in violation of the Hyde amendment.
suppose the university of wisconsin football program is spending almost all of its bowl championship serial publication payout on a rose bowl junket for politically connected officials
says connected bowl of wisconsin football program is spending almost all of its university championship series payout on a rose bowl junket for politically the officials
says the university of wisconsin football program is spending almost all of its bowl championship series payout on a rose bowl junket for politically connected officials
Says opponent Ted Cruz has not led businesses.
Says Donald Trump thinks stop-and-frisk is fine.
Mitt Romney has "a pro-choice record."
This is a test of the Share the Facts widget.
Wisconsin bill grants drug companies and medical device manufacturers immunity from injuries and deaths caused by their products.
Says as Co-Chair of the Joint Ways Means Committee, I secured the key piece of funding for the Portland-Milwaukie Light Rail project bridge.
We are the poster child for compliance, and whenever we discover possible infractions we resolve and report it to the NCAA no matter how minor the violations.
To give the proposed economic stimulus plan some perspective, "if you started the day Jesus Christ was born and spent $1 million every day since then, you still wouldnt have spent $1 trillion."
Says he has been able to attract independents and Democrats to win elections in Pennsylvania.
Says lawyer appointed by Eric Holder to investigate government leaks helped and donated to Obamas campaign, vetting vice presidential prospects.
The federal government owns about half of the West, yet it continues to acquire more land.
Families are paying $900, on average, "in higher premiums because of uncompensated care."
Congressman Phil Roe hands out $1.3M government check from a federal program that he voted against.
After the Texas cutoff of aid to womens health care services including Planned Parenthood clinics, over 150,000 women lost the only health care they had. Our Medicaid birth rate shot up. It cost taxpayers over $130 million in one year alone in extra Medicaid birth costs.
There are legitimate and widespread anomalies, and widespread questions about the conduct of (the Wisconsin Supreme Court) election, most visibly in Waukesha County, but also in counties around the state.
as the democrats finally maxed out their authorities disbursement credit card monday kurt schrader continued to stand with his party leaders in failing to offer any viable tenacious term solution
as the democrats with his failing their government spending credit card monday kurt schrader continued to stand finally maxed party leaders in out to offer any viable long term solution
as the democrats finally maxed out their government spending credit card monday kurt schrader continued to stand with his party leaders in failing to offer any viable long term solution 
"Could I just point out that ... I seem to get the first question all the time?"
says marilinda garcia supports billion new in taxes
says marilinda garcia indorse billion in new taxes
says marilinda garcia supports billion in new taxes 
Virginia is headed towards another surplus this year, unlike most states.
Kasichs budget increases state spending from $50.5 billion to $55.6 billion. This is the second largest, two-year spending increase in Ohio history.
The deficit this year could pay all of the 2013 salaries of every professional baseball player for the next 248 years.
The city of Brookhavens ordinance could cause the Pink Pony to close, thereby putting 300 Pink Pony employees out of work in this economy.
The economic stimulus bill created a council that's "modeled after the national board that controls Britains health system."
The city of Portland has won more national Constitution contests than any city in America.
of s reps congressional johnson john lewis and other members u the hank progressive caucus are socialists who are openly serving in the u s congress
u s reps hank johnson john lewis and other members of the congressional progressive caucus are socialist who are openly serving in the u s sexual congress
u s reps hank johnson john lewis and other members of the congressional progressive caucus are socialists who are openly serving in the u s congress 
"Mr. President, multiple times from your administration there have come statements that Republicans have no ideas and no solutions" on health care.
"There will be no public funding for abortion in this legislation."
Says in Washington, D.C., Sen. Richard Burr took millions from special interests, went there and cashed in, voted to cut (his) own taxes and raise taxes on working folks.
Says Oregon ranks 43rd in education.
Says Virginia is the biggest state that does not have a major league sports team.
not only is there no scientific evidence that carbon monoxide is a pollutant higher carbon monoxide concentrations really help ecosystems support more plant and animal life
not only evidence there no scientific is that co is help pollutant higher co concentrations actually a ecosystems support more plant and animal life
not only is there no scientific evidence that co is a pollutant higher co concentrations actually help ecosystems support more plant and animal life 
There are not, nor have there ever been, any boycotts encouraged by our organizations.
It turns out that Texas has an $18 billion budget shortfall and cant afford its new science textbooks.
says taxes our have doubled with rick perry in office
says our taxes have doubled with wrench perry in office
says our taxes have doubled with rick perry in office 
Mike Martinez cut a deal with prosecutors to avoid facing possible jail time and stuck us with his $24,657.50 legal bill.
Michelle Nunn spent most of her childhood in Perry, Ga.
On whether judges should be allowed to place children with gay couples who wish to adopt.
In total, we have added nearly 75,000 private sector jobs in New Jersey since we took office in January 2010.
Guantanamo detainees get taxpayer-paid-for prayer rugsthey had honey-glazed chicken and rice pilaf.
Mayor Barrett saved Milwaukee $25 million, thanks to Gov. Walkers reforms.
Says about 25 Texas cities and 39 states have banned texting while driving.
Travis County now has the highest urban county tax rate in Texas.
"Took on the Olympics and turned them around"
Says 85 percent of IDEA charter-school students come from low-income families and about 99 percent of its graduates go to college.
Gina Raimondo paid 70 million in taxpayer dollars to millionaire hedge fund managers.
Says on the state level, we spend less today than Jon Corzine spent in fiscal year 2008, five years later.
have the new state budget floridians for sent us billion less of their funding
for the modern state budget floridians have sent us billion less of their funding
for the new state budget floridians have sent us billion less of their funding 
Unemployment rate dropped in every state that elected a Republican gov. in 2010
By any measure, New Jersey has one of the most segregated school systems in the country.
Says Texas will be majority Hispanic in six years.
the bush tax cuts created about million jobs over the first class honours degree years that they were in existence weve baffled about million of those jobs during this recession
cuts bush tax the created about million jobs over the first years that they jobs in existence weve lost about million of those were during this recession
the bush tax cuts created about million jobs over the first years that they were in existence weve lost about million of those jobs during this recession 
they detain my swearing in here in massachusetts for a couple weeks so they could ram the health care police through
they delayed my the in here in massachusetts for a couple could so they weeks ram swearing health care law through
they delayed my swearing in here in massachusetts for a couple weeks so they could ram the health care law through 
Saudi Arabia is the only Muslim country out of 47 Muslim-majority countries where women cannot get licenses to drive.
If you look at the benefits and wages of recorded federal employees, they far outstrip the market rates of the private sector.
We had a debate on whether ObamaCare was the way to go to fix up health care and the American voters said no -- emphatically.
Says ending the direct payment farm subsidy program could save up to $28.4 billion over ten years that could be used to reduce the deficit.
rhode island bigger at tide low
rhode island bountiful at low tide
rhode island bigger at low tide 
Immigrants start businesses at a faster rate; they seem to grow those businesses more successfully.
Says Marco Rubio said that people who essentially dont agree with him, ought to leave the country, like Keith Olbermann.
Our spending has caught up with us, and our debt soon will eclipse the entire size of our national economy.
State Rep. Kathleen Peters has a 100 percent pro-abortion voting record even voting against a ban on sex-selection abortions.
honduras bans citizens from owning with and has the highest guns rate in the entire world switzerland guns a similar population requires citizens to the homicide and has own lowest homicide rate in the entire world
honduras bans citizens from possess guns and has the highest homicide rate in the entire cosmos switzerland with a similar population expect citizens to own guns and has the lowest homicide rate in the entire cosmos
honduras bans citizens from owning guns and has the highest homicide rate in the entire world switzerland with a similar population requires citizens to own guns and has the lowest homicide rate in the entire world 
8.5 million Americans have gotten rebate checks because their insurance companies were spending too much money on executive bonuses and administrative costs and not enough on health care.
Texas ranks third in teen pregnancies... and it is No. 1 in repeat teen pregnancies.
Obamas flush with cash, returning to Wall Street for even more money. Wall Street sure supports President Obama.
I spent 18 months putting together the sanctions against Iran so that we could force them to the negotiating table.
During the Reagan era, "the richest Americans had their top income tax rate cut in half."
"Sen. Obama worked on some of the deepest issues we had and was successful in a bipartisan way."
Says Edward Snowden could have gotten all of the protections of being a whistleblower.
Says Mitt Romney suggested that employers should be able to make the decision as to whether or not a woman gets contraception through her insurance coverage.
Last year the (Medicaid Fraud Control Unit) in Virginia alone recovered over $200 million!
Jack Berry voted for a plan to cut $23.8 million from our schools.
Says the Republican Party platform says pull back even more of the rules on campaign finance reform, get rid of McCain-Feingold while the Democratic Party platform says we want to find a way to put more fair rules on campaign finance reform.
As Washington debates cracking down on the big Wall Street banks, Ive passed legislation that does so.
In 2005 and 2007, Joe Straus received a 100 percent rating by NARAL (the National Abortion and Reproductive Rights Action League).
Before I was governor, tuition was skyrocketing and we stopped that. We capped and then we froze college tuition.
DeKalb County has cut more money from its general fund budget than any local government in the Atlanta metro region.
Says Gov. Scott Walker signed abortion, sex education and discrimination bills in secret.
rubios tax swap proposal would have been a massive tax addition
been tax swap proposal would have rubios a massive tax increase
rubios tax swap proposal would have been a massive tax increase 
says the mayors job is to make sure that if somebody is trying to form a set of irrigate treatment plant life to curative us from cryptosporidium we dont have we dont say yes even if ch m hill wants us to
to the mayors job is wants make of that if somebody is have says build a set sure water treatment plants to cure us from cryptosporidium we dont trying we dont say yes even if ch m hill to us to
says the mayors job is to make sure that if somebody is trying to build a set of water treatment plants to cure us from cryptosporidium we dont have we dont say yes even if ch m hill wants us to 
Eighty percent of the oil were discovering, were discovering in the deep Gulf of Mexico.
We had the biggest drop of the rate of unemployment (in)all but 4 states.
"In state after state, polls make clear that the American public understands the Kelo ruling is a disaster."
Says he passed a bill to stop a military requirement that wounded soldiers pay for meals and phone calls.
Says Rick Perry proposed a binational health insurance program with Mexico.
This generation, on average, is starting their careers, if theyve been to a four-year college, with just under $30,000 in debt.
Says TriMet spends $10.3 million in police contracts a year for 56 transit police who must respond to non-transit calls
Says a CNN anchor said that Hillary Clinton has gotten a free ride so far from the media. Were the biggest ones supporting her campaign.
In the mid 1990s, in our state, (Florida was) No. 1 in violent crime in America. ... The only concern I had was for the citizens of Florida, who were subjected to a violent crime every three minutes and 45 seconds.
Says Scott Walkers listening sessions are invite-only and excluding the press.
The Obama White House recognizes a baby that has not been born for security purposes.
The right-to-work states are creating a lot more jobs today than the heavily unionized states.
the leader of by was imprisoned isis american troops and ordered released to iraq by obama administration in
the leader of isis was imprisoned by american troop and ordered released to iraq by obama administration in
the leader of isis was imprisoned by american troops and ordered released to iraq by obama administration in 
del ben chafin took a away from southwest virginia schools while votingto build money politicians palace
del ben chafin took money away from southwest virginia schools while votingto build a politicians castle
del ben chafin took money away from southwest virginia schools while votingto build a politicians palace 
"Our tax code is so complicated it extracts $140 billion in extra tax preparation costs every year - one thousand dollars for every American family."
Spending of government money is 17 percent less than it was a decade ago.
One of the Planned Parenthood videos shows a fully formed fetus on the table, its heart beating, its legs kicking, while someone says, We have to keep it alive to harvest its brain.
In 2009, the Small Business Entrepreneurship Council ranked Ohio 11th in the nation and 1st in the Midwest for overall business climate.
Texas now has the second-highest high school graduation rate in the country. And it has the highest graduation rate for African Americans and Hispanics.
"...some of those (tax increases) were either court-ordered, or they were voted on by the people and approved by the people for (such) things as roads."
a changes being have state employees in wisconsin who earn under year might debated percent of their income just disappear overnight
under changes being debated say employees in wisconsin who earn a twelvemonth might have percent of their income just disappear overnight
under changes being debated state employees in wisconsin who earn a year might have percent of their income just disappear overnight 
North Korea has a substantial standing army, one of the largest, certainly the largest per capita, in the world.
if too iranian woman shows an much hair in public she risks being beaten or killed
if an iranian woman shows too much hair in public she risks being beaten or pour down
if an iranian woman shows too much hair in public she risks being beaten or killed 
Massachusetts Sen. Scott Brown shows someone can be bipartisan in Congress because he votes about 66 percent with his own party.
he has ushered in billion in novel investment
investment has ushered in billion in new he
he has ushered in billion in new investment 
Says Romney flip-flopped on abortion.
Secular Americans are the fastest-growing religious identification demographic in this country.
Our countrys got this huge debt, and (President Barack) Obama says raise taxes and keep spending more.
David Perdue supports Common Core
says hillary clinton the to essentially abolish wants second amendment
enounce hillary clinton wants to essentially abolish the second amendment
says hillary clinton wants to essentially abolish the second amendment 
Because of Obamacare peoples premiums ...are going up 35, 45, 55 percent.
When I go on Letterman the ratings go up.
The United States is the only industrialized country that does not guarantee paid time off to care for a new child.
Eliminating earmarks "would make barely a drop in the bucket with regard to the national debt, the deficit."
Says Joe Garcia voted to raise our utility rates.
Since Sherrod Brown and the Democrats rammed the economic stimulus bill through, Ohios unemployment rate has risen to 9.6 percent, above the national average.
President Barack Obama has announced that he would not sign ANY spending bills this year unless sequestration spending cuts are eliminated.
threatening potentially administration has even joined islamist governments make sponsoring a u n resolution that would shred our first amendment by the to in discussion of radical islamism obama illegal
the obama administration has even joined islamist governance in patronise a u n resolution that would shred our first amendment by threatening to make word of radical islamism potentially illegal
the obama administration has even joined islamist governments in sponsoring a u n resolution that would shred our first amendment by threatening to make discussion of radical islamism potentially illegal 
Many of the top officials at the Port Authority earn more money than the governors of the states that have jurisdiction over them.
Vagina. Because apparently, saying that word in the Michigan State House of Representatives can get you a two-day ban from speaking on the floor.
Mike Madigan made a fortune on tax appeals Saving his friends millions... Its an inside game played by people like Merry Marwig, Madigans hand-picked candidate. When Marwig thought her property taxes were too high she got them lowered at your expense. Saved so much she did it again. Marwig and Madigan: Profiting from the same corrupt system.
says i was the first regulator in america to endorse mitt romney
says i was the first endorse in america to governor mitt romney
says i was the first governor in america to endorse mitt romney 
"Barack Obama's plan gives a driver's license to any illegal who wants one."
Two-thirds of American families rely on the mothers income to stay above the poverty level.
After 9/11, Jim put us all first by serving for 23 months in Iraq, the wars longest tour.
Oil production from federal waters in the Gulf of Mexico reached an all-time high in 2010.
democrats the s in promised spending cuts but delivered only tax hikes
in the s democrat promised spending cuts but delivered only tax hikes
in the s democrats promised spending cuts but delivered only tax hikes 
Says hewas one of the chief architects of balancing the federalbudget.
Only half of the murders in the city of St. Louis get solved.
"The legislation ... that Senator McCain supports would provide the authority for the federal government to surveille American citizens in their own country without any suspicion whatsoever that they're engaging in discussions with terrorists or about criminal activity."
Says indoor workers get less UV than outdoor workers, but they get more melanomas.
im lacing kelly ayotte in the polls by a lot
im beating kelly ayotte in the polls lot a by
im beating kelly ayotte in the polls by a lot 
A majority in every state favors path to citizenship for undocumented immigrants.
We are one of the most expensive [bus] rides in New England.
In Jeanne Shaheen, New Hampshire has a Senator who was the deciding vote to pass Obamacare.
if cory gardner stock his way youd better gets up on condoms
if cory gardner gets his way youd better stock up on rubber
if cory gardner gets his way youd better stock up on condoms 
says for the duration of this middle has a single person in government recession management not lost a job or taken a pay cut
says for the duration of this recession not a single person in authorities middle management has lost a subcontract or taken a pay cut
says for the duration of this recession not a single person in government middle management has lost a job or taken a pay cut 
Says Gov. Chris Christie has now come up with a new agenda for ethics reform in September 2011.
the baucus health care bill could be used to ban gun in home self defense
the baucus health care bill could be home to ban guns in used self defense
the baucus health care bill could be used to ban guns in home self defense 
gov scott go cart received a pay raise
pay scott walker received a gov raise
gov scott walker received a pay raise 
Tennessees grocery tax is one of the highest in the nation.
Says when Bernie Sanders was in college, Sanders said something very similar to what conservative Wisconsin Supreme Court Justice Rebecca Bradley had written as a college student in the 1990s -- that women have a legitimate role in date rape.
Says Michigan U.S. Senate candidateTerri Lynn Land said guaranteeing equal pay for women who do the same job as men is not a good idea.
Says he has repeatedly praised Chuck Hagels character, patriotism, bravery, and personal service defending our nation.
The Republican-controlled Wisconsin Senate approved a bill denying veterans the right to recover their medical costs for cancers they developed while serving their country.
that percent the supports president barack obama are people who pay no income tax
the percent that supports president barack obama are mass who pay no income tax
the percent that supports president barack obama are people who pay no income tax 
accuses ed fitzgerald of pay to play and corruptness politics
accuses ed play of pay to fitzgerald and corruption politics
accuses ed fitzgerald of pay to play and corruption politics 
The vast majority of our public school students are receiving less state support than their private voucher peers.
Ten percent of violent deaths in the U.S. each year are due to strangulation.
says president barack obama is sending a much larger force to deal with isis than ebola is getting
says president barack obama is sending a much larger force to deal with ebola than directorate for inter services intelligence is getting
says president barack obama is sending a much larger force to deal with ebola than isis is getting 
Says U.S. Senate opponent Eric Hovde supported billions in stimulus for high-speed rail and billions more to bail out banks.
Young women, account for a shocking 74% of all new HIV infections among adolescents in Africa.
u s senate majority leader harry reid senate whether on democrats would seat roland burris
u s senate majority leader harry reid on whether senate democrats would hindquarters roland burris
u s senate majority leader harry reid on whether senate democrats would seat roland burris 
The Democrats in the Senate last year introduced a constitutional amendment to repeal the free speech protections of the First Amendment.
The United States is numberonein the world in energyresources;Russia isnumber two.
In 2012, 123 African-Americans were shot dead by police. ... Same year, 326 whites were killed by police.
Says Marco Rubio was for immigration reform and a pathway to citizenship before he was against it.
The ocean is now much more acidic . . . than it has been for many millions of years.
Less than 1 percent of all the education dollars that we spend are spent on private (school) voucher programs.
Says Hillary Clinton wants to increase Syrian refugees to this country by 550 percent.
We are at a 40-year low in our crime rate in our state.
The (New England) Patriots were led by an explosive offense that scored the second most points in the NFL.
says new jerseys tenure law has now been reformed or tenure that if teachers get two years of partially effective to ineffective ratings they lose say
says new jerseys tenure jurisprudence has now been reformed to say that if teachers get two years of partially in force or ineffective ratings they lose tenure
says new jerseys tenure law has now been reformed to say that if teachers get two years of partially effective or ineffective ratings they lose tenure 
says climate scientist block hansen says we have until peradventure years from now or maybe a little longer and at that point we are looking at metrical unit of sea level rise
says climate scientist james hansen says we have until or years perhaps we from maybe a little longer and at that point now are looking at feet of sea level rise
says climate scientist james hansen says we have until perhaps years from now or maybe a little longer and at that point we are looking at feet of sea level rise 
"In every single country, she had a majority of the vote -- or more of those who'd already made up their minds."
is on californias roads everyone properly licensed tested and insured
everyone on golden state roads is properly licensed tested and insured
everyone on californias roads is properly licensed tested and insured 
In some states, African-Americans are three times more likely to be sentenced to death than whites for the same crime.
says republican party u s rep sean duffy of wisconsin voted twice to end medicare
duffy gop u s rep sean says of wisconsin voted twice to end medicare
says gop u s rep sean duffy of wisconsin voted twice to end medicare 
more people are recede their insurance due to obamacare than are becoming newly insured
more than are losing their insurance due to obamacare people are becoming newly insured
more people are losing their insurance due to obamacare than are becoming newly insured 
the immigration bill includes free obamacars bike or scooters
the motorcycles bill includes free obamacars immigration or scooters
the immigration bill includes free obamacars motorcycles or scooters 
reagans numbers are better right now than ronald my numbers were with jimmy carter
my numbers are better right now than ronald president reagan numbers were with jimmy carter
my numbers are better right now than ronald reagans numbers were with jimmy carter 
Seventy bills [Kendrick Meek] authored, not one of them has passed.
In Florida, for eight years we cut taxes every year, totaling $19 billion.
under obamas budget plan families making over are going to suffer their mortgage deduction their charitable deductions
under their budget plan families making over are going to lose obamas mortgage deduction their charitable deductions
under obamas budget plan families making over are going to lose their mortgage deduction their charitable deductions 
i have always said that i would be for exercise
i have always i that said would be for drilling
i have always said that i would be for drilling 
Hobby Lobby provided this (birth control) coverage before they decided to drop it to file suit.
Says he vetoed $250,000 from the budget for a program to learn how to catch rainwater.
In the event of a U.S. strike on Syria, the Russians will replace the weapons immediately. Theyve said it on the record. Theyve suggested they might even replace it with better stuff.
The president referred to the Syrian opposition just a few months ago as pharmacists and doctors, and so on.
The racial and ethnic makeup of the Gwinnett County Sheriffs Office mirrors the community it serves.
The city of Clarkston cant decriminalize marijuana. Only state legislators and Congress can do that.
"I fought to bring about the largest private-sector infrastructure project in North American history."
Two years ago motorists in Ferguson, a city of 20,000 people, received 31,000 citations. Thats at least one citation per person plus 10,000 for visitors. The city is still surviving only on traffic tickets; theres virtually no industry there.
Californias proposed tobacco tax diverts 82 percent of the new taxes to line the pockets of wealthy special interests like insurance companies who dont have to help even one more patient.
A Democratic poll operation shows that Fox News is the most trusted news operation in the country.
if you care environment the about weve got record funding
if you fear about the environment weve got record funding
if you care about the environment weve got record funding 
it was rob portmans speculate to break chinas illegal dumping of steel he failed looked the other way did nothing
it of rob portmans looked to stop chinas illegal dumping was steel he failed job the other way did nothing
it was rob portmans job to stop chinas illegal dumping of steel he failed looked the other way did nothing 
After Arizona banned smoking in all public places in 2007, admissions for acute myocardial infarction stroke, asthma, [and] angina decreased following the implementation of the ban.
Says Mitt Romney has flip-flopped on abortion rights.
A black male baby born today, if we do not change the system, stands a one-in-three chance (of) ending up in jail.
Joe Straus is the first Jewish speaker of the Texas House.
fox news said the new black panther party decided for election the barack obama
fob news said the new black panther party decided the election for barack obama
fox news said the new black panther party decided the election for barack obama 
We have provided at least 16 tax cuts to small businesses.
Says Charlie Bass supports Paul Ryan plan that forces seniors to pay $6,400 a year more for health care so millionaires can pay less in taxes.
Says Donald Trump is a guy who has called for privatization of the Veterans Administration.
Undocumented workers crossing the border right now is at a 12-year low.
We had 2 percent of the global market (for advanced batteries) when he (Obama) started. We now have 16 percent, headed to 40 percent by 2015.
$6 billion water bond program voters passed in 2011 has yet to be tapped.
Says about 100,000 kids in this country leave their home state and go to another state to be educated. Out of that 100,000 young people, 30,000 of them are from New Jersey, by far the largest amount.
"(Obama) did accept donations from lobbyists and PACs and he spent money in this campaign from that, through his political action committee."
Says Rick Scott gave a deposition in which he invoked the Fifth Amendment 75 times about his dealings as head of Columbia/HCA hospital chain
Immigrants have captured all of the nearly 9 million jobs created since 2000.
The world food demand is going to double sometime between now and 2070.
Alabamians havent changed their opinion on same-sex marriage since voting to ban it in 2006.
All (Maryland) crabs are born in Virginia.
Says U.S. Sen. Ron Johnson opposes faster broadband internet in small towns and got nearly $90,000 in campaign contributions from the telecom special interests.
every major study that has been done by hundreds trade group shows that there are a you thousands of jobs to be created if of pass our cap and legitimate legislation and if you wind up pricing carbon
every major written report that has been done by a legitimate group shows that there are hundreds of thousands of jobs to be created if you pass our pileus and swop legislation and if you wind up pricing carbon
every major study that has been done by a legitimate group shows that there are hundreds of thousands of jobs to be created if you pass our cap and trade legislation and if you wind up pricing carbon 
Texas legislation would allow teachers to kill their students if they felt it was needed.
Every poll said I won the debate.
McCain "said the other day that he would not meet potentially with the prime minister of Spain, because he . . . wasn't sure whether they were aligned with us."
Forty percent of the country is going to be in states that are tolerant of gay marriage or at least civil unions.
the president is advocating a drone strike broadcast in america
the president program advocating a drone strike is in america
the president is advocating a drone strike program in america 
Over the history of Austin, its always gotten more expensive.
Neither Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump has a plan to address the civil war in Syria.
Says a voter-adopted constitutional amendment instructed a state board headed by Jerry Patterson to put $300 million in investment earnings into a fund supporting public school operations.
There have been multiple media reports about (Donald Trumps) business dealings with the mob, with the mafia.
The Greenlight Pinellas 1-cent sales tax is permanent, we never get to vote on this again.
Says state Rep. Fred Clark (D-Baraboo) ran a red light and seriously injured a bicyclist.
hes promising four more years of an administration that will push for the denationalization of social security
security promising four more years of an administration that will push for the privatization of social hes
hes promising four more years of an administration that will push for the privatization of social security 
The average person only pays about $1,800 in state taxes which is the lowest of all 50 states.
The Austin Independent School Districts graduation rate reached an all-time high of 82.5 percent in 2012.
Says Scott Brown voted with President Barack Obama 70 percent of the time in 2011.
ISIS lures women with kittens, nutella.
In the past six years alone, changes to the pension formula have saved over half a billion dollars.
Texas added 6,600 miles of highway from 2001-2012, more than any other state.
Premeditation, in murder cases like the Oscar Pistorius case, can be formed in the twinkling of an eye.
read in the last five years senate republicans have placed a filibusterer on every piece of legislation and every nominee
says the in last five years senate republicans have placed a piece on every filibuster of legislation and every nominee
says in the last five years senate republicans have placed a filibuster on every piece of legislation and every nominee 
Every major newspaper in Texas calls David Dewhurst a moderate.
Says six of the states 58 family planning centers had to close because of Gov. Chris Christies budget cuts.
Last year, Korea sold nearly half a million cars in our country. ... The United States, you know how much we sell to them? Six thousand. What kind of deal is that?
A married couple that use the same last name is rarer and rarer in our country.
claims that onetime sen tom daschle said senior should be more accepting of the conditions that come with age instead of treating them
claims said former sen tom of that seniors should be more accepting daschle the conditions that come with age instead of treating them
claims that former sen tom daschle said seniors should be more accepting of the conditions that come with age instead of treating them 
The tax-cut deal adds more than $800 billion to the deficit over two years -- more than the cost of TARP and more than the cost of the Recovery Act and about the same as health care reform.
Wrote that in 2006, Nancy Pelosi said she didnt think capturing Osama bin Laden makes us any safer, but in 2011 called his killing historic.
thanks to obamacare average e r wait in california is minute
thanks is obamacare average e r wait in california to hours
thanks to obamacare average e r wait in california is hours 
Obama "voted for ... $3-million for an overhead projector at a planetarium in Chicago."
It is rare that a retirement grade determination is conducted for an officer previously retired from the U.S. armed forces.
says rep justin amash more votes with the democrats than with the republicans
says repp justin amash votes more with the democrats than with the republicans
says rep justin amash votes more with the democrats than with the republicans 
Says Mitt Romney runs away from Ronald Reagan.
We have the lowest percentage of Americans actually holding a job in 40 years.
Says John Kitzhabers proposed budget for upcoming biennium represents 8 percent increase over last
Undocumented immigrantspay $12 billion a year into Social Security.
Says Miami-Dade mayoral candidate Julio Robaina has the highest salary among Florida mayors. More than $260,000.
The balanced-budget amendment once came within one vote of passing Congress but was defeated because of the no vote from a top Senate Republican, and Rick Santorum says he stood up and called for him to resign his chairmanship.
says raising the offset income tax rate on millionaires to a property taxes for other residents is not state tax increase its a tax shift
says raising the state income tax rate on millionaires to offset property taxes for other resident physician is not a tax addition its a tax shift
says raising the state income tax rate on millionaires to offset property taxes for other residents is not a tax increase its a tax shift 
Since 2000, Texas has reduced harmful pollutants in the air like nitrogen oxide by 62.5 percent, and ozone by 23 percent--a reduction that is 12 percent greater than the national average.
calif capitol building is second only to disneyland among visitor sites in the state
is capitol building californias second only to disneyland among visitor sites in the state
californias capitol building is second only to disneyland among visitor sites in the state 
Under current conditions, by 2023, the interest payments on the national debt will be $722 billion, larger than the projected defense spending of $696 billion.
sayspresident obama hijacked the farm bill and turned it into stamp food a bill
sayspresident obama hijacked the farm bill and turned it into a nutrient stamp bill
sayspresident obama hijacked the farm bill and turned it into a food stamp bill 
Wealthy taxpayers, not middle-income earners, get most of the deductions in the tax code.
Saysthere are actually more people in poverty now than there were when we started the War on Poverty.
Georgia has elected more African-American leaders than any other state in the country.
there documented over are cases where obama has lied
there are over documented case where obama has lied
there are over documented cases where obama has lied 
says barack obama never worked in the private sector before he was elective president
says barack obama the worked in never private sector before he was elected president
says barack obama never worked in the private sector before he was elected president 
help also offered a plan that can ive fix social security thats supported by robert reich previous of labor previously in a secretary administration
ive also offered a be after that can aid fix social security thats supported by robert reich secretary of labor previously in a previous administration
ive also offered a plan that can help fix social security thats supported by robert reich secretary of labor previously in a previous administration 
says wisconsin responsible scott walkers actions are directly gov for killing at least jobs
says wisconsin gov scott go cart actions are directly responsible for killing at least jobs
says wisconsin gov scott walkers actions are directly responsible for killing at least jobs 
Gwinnett Medical Center is operating in the negative, in part, because of illegal immigrants.
47 percent of Americanscant pay for an unexpected $400 expense through savings or credit cards, without selling something or borrowing money.
"House Appropriations Chair David Obey's partial earmark ban wouldn't apply to 90% of earmarks."
Ron Johnson said specifically that he hopes the first steps occur to privatize the Veterans Administration.
Under Ted Cruzs tax plan, businesses will now have to pay 16 percent on the money they make. They will also have to pay 16 percent on the money they pay their employees.
the most recent survey of mood scientists said about percent dont agree with the mind that percent of the change in the mood is caused by co
the most recent survey of climate scientists said about the dont agree with percent idea that percent of the change in is climate the caused by co
the most recent survey of climate scientists said about percent dont agree with the idea that percent of the change in the climate is caused by co 
while others place their hands over their hearts obama back his turns to the flag and slouches
while others place their hands over their pump obama turns his back to the flag and slouches
while others place their hands over their hearts obama turns his back to the flag and slouches 
steve poizner increased his departments budget most percent
steve poizner his increased departments budget nearly percent
steve poizner increased his departments budget nearly percent 
As a senator, Barack Obama supported "an amendment that basically gutted the legal temporary worker program."
Ken Buck wants to outlaw abortion, even in cases of rape or incest.
while mayor kenney in person doesnt support drop he cant fault highly qualified city employees for suitably utilizing a benefit thats available to them
while mayor kenney personally doesnt for available he cant fault highly qualified city employees support appropriately utilizing a benefit thats drop to them
while mayor kenney personally doesnt support drop he cant fault highly qualified city employees for appropriately utilizing a benefit thats available to them 
Republicans control the U.S. Senate with 54 seats, but those 54 senators were elected by only two-thirds the number of voters who elected the Democrats. In the Senate, the majority party represents a minority of the people.
Forty percent of union members voted Republican in 2008.
Says Scott Walker enacted the biggest cuts to education in our states history.
Under the presidents plan, he cuts Medicare by $716 billion, takes that money out of the Medicare trust fund and uses it to pay for Obamacare.
Says Gov. Rick Scott cut nearly $1 million from mosquito control and closed down the states mosquito research lab a few years ago.
says wisconsin gov scott walker is right democrats the denying to vote
says wi gov scott walker is denying democrats the right to vote
says wisconsin gov scott walker is denying democrats the right to vote 
Lean, finely textured beef is the proper name [not pink slime], and it is a safe, widely used product.
when george george bush took office president hilary rodham clinton a democrat and the democratic congress at the time had left an annual budget that was in surplus
when george bush took office president clinton a democrat at the democratic had and the time congress left an annual budget that was in surplus
when george bush took office president clinton a democrat and the democratic congress at the time had left an annual budget that was in surplus 
says the new health care natural law delivers a billion tax increase on families with special needs
says the new a care law delivers health billion tax increase on families with special needs
says the new health care law delivers a billion tax increase on families with special needs 
Says Every year air pollution protections are delayed, another 34,000 people will die prematurely.
The Tampa Bay Rays prices have been judged the most affordable in all of professional sports.
The property appraisers budget is $1 million less today than when I took office 16 years ago.
"Let's pay attention to kids who are not going to college, which ends up being about 60 percent of the kids... and get them trained for the jobs that are there. Because, you know, there are auto mechanic jobs paying $50,000, $60,000 that they can't get filled. There are airline mechanic jobs paying a lot of money that can't get filled." Remarks at AFSCME forum 6/19/2007
i am every year the no pick of all of the law enforcement texas within agencies
i am every year the no pick of all of the law enforcement agencies within tx
i am every year the no pick of all of the law enforcement agencies within texas 
The U.S. State Department has ordered 160,000 Hazmat suits for Ebola, prompting concerns that the federal government is anticipating the rapid spread of the virus.
Republicans fought to protect tax loopholes for corporations that send our jobs overseas.
we were secernate there would never be a case of ebola in the united states
we were told there would never be a case of ebola in the states united
we were told there would never be a case of ebola in the united states 
Says her congressional district has 10,000 medical-device industry jobs and 1,000 will be lost because of health-care law tax.
Two days of interest we pay to China is enough to buy one joint strike fighter [jet].
Says the average Ohio student graduates from a four-year college or university with nearly $27,000 in tuition debt.
A new federal program provides subsidized "Obama phones" with 70 free minutes of cell phone service every month.
our larger domestic help threat is from racial supremacist groups
groups larger domestic threat is from racial supremacist our
our larger domestic threat is from racial supremacist groups 
The U.S. had the opportunity with Israel coming and talking to us about improving our security screening procedures, and we turned them down.
If youre a terrorist you cant fly, but an assault weapon you can buy.
Not one penny of (Californias Prop 67) bag ban tax goes to the environment.
In campaigns in the past with Sen. McCain and President George W. Bush and others, they have tended to release tax records in April.
Weve got to find 2 billion gallons (of water per day) between now and 2025.
says in obama won in every state that did not require a exposure idaho and lost in every state that did require a exposure idaho in order to vote
says not obama won in every state that did state require a photo id and lost in every in that did require a photo id in order to vote
says in obama won in every state that did not require a photo id and lost in every state that did require a photo id in order to vote 
on support for the export import banking company
on support the for export import bank
on support for the export import bank
says he didnt have an involvement withnutritional supplement accompany mannatech
involvement he didnt have an says withnutritional supplement company mannatech
says he didnt have an involvement withnutritional supplement company mannatech 
The stimulus program cut taxes for 95 percent of the American people.
gov bill haslam job making our economic sharia department development compliant by hiring a woman who specializes in sharia compliance thats what her is is
gov bill haslam is making our economic development section sharia compliant by hiring a woman who differentiate in sharia compliance thats what her job is
gov bill haslam is making our economic development department sharia compliant by hiring a woman who specializes in sharia compliance thats what her job is 
New Mexico moved "up to" sixth in the nation in job growth.
we worked together to enact the largest tax curve in florida history
we enact together to worked the largest tax cut in florida history
we worked together to enact the largest tax cut in florida history 
bill nelson favor voted in actually of higher taxes times
bill nelson actually voted in favor of eminent taxes times
bill nelson actually voted in favor of higher taxes times 
Says he opposed $716 billion cut to Medicare.
We spend less than 2 percent more every year. That is the lowest increase in spending since they have been keeping numbers.
president barack obama said at the basic of the negotiations that the beginning approach was to sanctions irans nuclear program in exchange for dismantling the dismantle
president barack obama said at the beginning of the talks that the basic approach was to dismantle irans atomic program in exchange for dismantling the sanctions
president barack obama said at the beginning of the negotiations that the basic approach was to dismantle irans nuclear program in exchange for dismantling the sanctions 
the united states has never stood by and seen innocent people slaughtered to the extent syria happening in thats
the united states has neer stood by and seen innocent people slaughtered to the extent thats happening in syria
the united states has never stood by and seen innocent people slaughtered to the extent thats happening in syria 
U.S. taxpayers paid $71,500 per job created by the stimulus bill.
David Perdue did not support the 2014 farm bill that U.S. Sens. Isakson and Chambliss did.
South Carolina has the fastest-growing economy in the Southeast.
"By the end of Governor Rick Perry's term, he will have drained Texas taxpayers ... of more than $360,000 to pay for the rental mansion he has been living in while the historic Governor's Mansion is repaired."
obama suggested flunk pakistan
obama suggested pakistan bombing
obama suggested bombing pakistan 
Says President Obama helped more than half a million veterans and military family members go to college through the Post-9/11 G.I. Bill.
In our proposal, we would have expanded school aid across the board Governor Christie slashed school aid in this budget, preferring instead to extend a tax break for millionaires over funding in the classroom.
From 2008 to 2011, the pages in the conforming bills have gone from 400 pages to 2,200.
public employees receive something that percent of the paychecks like are issued in rhode island
public employees receive something like pct of the paychecks that are issued in rhode island
public employees receive something like percent of the paychecks that are issued in rhode island 
the iran deal the facilitate and accelerate will nation of iran acquiring nuclear weapons
the iran deal will facilitate and accelerate the nation of iran acquiring atomic weapons
the iran deal will facilitate and accelerate the nation of iran acquiring nuclear weapons 
as a member of in chris murphy was raking congress million in salary
as a member of congress chris murphy was scan in million in salary
as a member of congress chris murphy was raking in million in salary 
"He admits he still doesn't know how to use a computer, can't send an e-mail."
If todays economy was rebounding at the rate of the Reagan recovery, it would have created the equivalent of 25 million new jobs and raised federal revenue by $800 billion a year.
Social Security doesnt contribute a penny to the deficit.
Says state Sens. Greg Evers, Nancy Detert and Charles Dean got a failing grade from conservatives.
"When I was mayor of New York City, I encouraged adoptions. Adoptions went up 65-70 percent. Abortions went down 16 percent."
The average faculty member at UW-Madison brings in close to a quarter million dollars a year in grant money.
the dnc hack evidence you that the clinton campaign was working to schedule primary feather debates against bernie sanders and the clinton campaign is continuing this ploy against donald trump
the dnc hack to you that the clinton campaign was working showed campaign primary debates against bernie sanders and the clinton schedule is continuing this ploy against donald trump
the dnc hack showed you that the clinton campaign was working to schedule primary debates against bernie sanders and the clinton campaign is continuing this ploy against donald trump 
bill mccollum served as a lobbyist whose clients enabled mortgages for illegal immigrant
bill served mccollum as a lobbyist whose clients enabled mortgages for illegal immigrants
bill mccollum served as a lobbyist whose clients enabled mortgages for illegal immigrants 
We have only one person on the (TVA) board, to my knowledge, who even has any corporate board experience.
John Oxendine is under a state ethics investigation because he illegally funneled more than $120,000 to his campaign from shady insurance political action committees in Alabama.
says gov scott walker is cooking the books by releasing numbers he just dreamed up that depict wisconsin river gained jobs in
says gov scott walker is the cooking books by releasing numbers he just dreamed up that show gained wisconsin jobs in
says gov scott walker is cooking the books by releasing numbers he just dreamed up that show wisconsin gained jobs in 
Says Minnesota has more Fortune 500 companies than Oregon and one of the most obvious differences is theyve invested in their schools.
Repeal of Obamacare would take away health care for 10.3 million Americans who have received coverage since Oct. 1, 2013.
Says because of Texas lawmakers choices, hundreds of thousands of women no longer have access to basic medical care, life-saving cancer screenings and contraception.
enjoy gov scott not public school budgets a student entering kindergarten will walkers under the same state investment in his or her education as those that came before them until they school graduating from high are
under gov sir walter scott walkers public shoal budgets a student entering kindergarten will not enjoy the same state investment in his or her department of education as those that came before them until they are graduating from high shoal
under gov scott walkers public school budgets a student entering kindergarten will not enjoy the same state investment in his or her education as those that came before them until they are graduating from high school 
ninety four per centum of small businesses will face higher taxes under the democrats plan
ninety four percent of small businesses will face higher taxes democrats the under plan
ninety four percent of small businesses will face higher taxes under the democrats plan 
Says Obama has never submitted a budget, and Congress has worked for two years without passing one.
in one county were in ohio president obama received votes but there alone only eligible voters
in one county alone in ohio chairman obama received votes but there were only eligible voters
in one county alone in ohio president obama received votes but there were only eligible voters 
Every taxpayer owes about $130,000 to pay off the national debt.
Rick Perry has become a millionaire on the public payroll.
Says Mark Begich has taken campaign cash from the Kochs while Dan Sullivan hasnt.
"I took on the worst road system in the country, according to Trucker's magazine. When I left, they said it was the most improved road system in the country."
says under the new health will law the patient doctor relationship care be eliminated
says under the new health care law the patient bushel relationship will be eliminated
says under the new health care law the patient doctor relationship will be eliminated 
You can go to Georgia and make about $6,000 more a year as a teacher.
we have ten different tax square bracket and if youre making youre already in the top tax bracket
we the ten different tax brackets and if youre making youre already in have top tax bracket
we have ten different tax brackets and if youre making youre already in the top tax bracket 
for the first time since american manufacturers are creating new subcontract
are the first time since american manufacturers for creating new jobs
for the first time since american manufacturers are creating new jobs 
household income in america has gone down for families an fair of in the last four spot years while it went up under baseball glove romney when he was governor of massachusetts
household income in america while gone down up families an average of in the last four years has it went for under mitt romney when massachusetts was governor of he
household income in america has gone down for families an average of in the last four years while it went up under mitt romney when he was governor of massachusetts
The average bonus [on Wall Street] is about $100,000...The bonuses on Wall Street are down 44 percent.
Says he has never voted for raising taxes.
Says Bill Clinton and George Bush both say build the Keystone XL.
Austins Stop Abuse for Everyone has seen in its offices sexual assault survivors that report being attacked by their ridesharing drivers, at a rate of one per month.
the low priced care act is not the law of the land
the affordable care act is not of law the the land
the affordable care act is not the law of the land 
Says that Republicans bragged about how every bill was going to be paid for, right from the beginning and that the first vote, the repeal of health care reform, violated that rule.
Says Obama doubled funding for the Pell Grant.
Thousands (in China) owe their jobs to Mitt Romneys companies.
Says Mitt Romney refused to say whether hed sign the Lilly Ledbetter bill.
marxist coons has chris beliefs
chris coons has bolshie beliefs
chris coons has marxist beliefs 
The financial services regulatory bill "will end taxpayer bailouts."
less than percent of obamas cabinet appointees any have experience in the private sector
less than percent of obamas locker appointees have any experience in the private sector
less than percent of obamas cabinet appointees have any experience in the private sector 
Recovery.gov listed congressional districts that "do not exist."
According to the Congressional Budget Office, as many as 20 million Americans could lose their employer-based insurance thanks to Obamacare.
The president has said the national security threat facing America, the top one, is global warming.
After merging with Tim Hortons of Canada, Burger King is not moving. Our headquarters will remain in Miami and (we) will continue to pay all of our federal, state and local U.S. taxes.
The economy is too weak to raise income levels.
John McCain's health care plan "won't guarantee coverage of cancer screenings or maternity care."
Says Dick Cheney supported gay marriage soonerthan Hillary Clinton.
After the 9/11 terrorist attacks grounded commercial air traffic, there was a temperature drop while the airplanes werent flying, for the week afterwards.
A state reports projection is that approximately half of public employees would live outside municipal boundaries in a decade if the state bans local residency requirements.
The annual gross domestic product of metro Atlanta is bigger than 28 states in the union.
Per-student K-12 state funding for Portland Public Schools has dipped from $6,036 in the 2007-2008 school year to $5,644 in the 2010-2011 school year
Says Russ Feingolds campaign is powered by small-dollar contributions like ours.
Says Mitt Romney and George Allen would overturn Roe v. Wade and allow states to end safe, legal abortion even in cases of rape, incest or when a womans life is at risk.
In 2006, Charlie Crist opposed in-state tuition for illegal immigrants.
In 1978, a student who worked a minimum-wage summer job could afford to pay a years full tuition at the 4-year public university of their choice.
says that sherrod brown voted to cut medicare by over million in order to fund government run health care
to that sherrod brown voted to cut medicare by over billion in order says fund government run health care
says that sherrod brown voted to cut medicare by over billion in order to fund government run health care 
In Wisconsin, 6.2 percent of the population is black yet 24 percent of all state abortions are on African-Americans.
Says Rick Perry told students he couldnt attend a gubernatorial forum due to scheduling conflicts, then on forum day tweeted that hed just been running with his dog.
"Fred's never had a 100 percent record on right-to-life in his Senate career. The records reflect that. And he doesn't support the human life amendment, which is most amazing because that's been a part of the Republican platform since 1980."
In 1928 school boards sent home letters with children saying that if Al Smith is elected president, you will not be allowed to have or read a Bible.
usually its about a month to get health coverage month program has reduced that to average on about a floridas
usually its about a month to get health coverage everglade state program has quash that on average to about a month
usually its about a month to get health coverage floridas program has reduced that on average to about a month 
on same sex man and wife
marriage same sex on
on same sex marriage
Ohios judges, compared to other similar states, are being woefully underpaid.
louisiana sen mary landrieu received almost meg from bp over the last decade
louisiana received mary landrieu sen almost million from bp over the last decade
louisiana sen mary landrieu received almost million from bp over the last decade 
Compared to President Obama,President Reagan rushed home from Santa Barbara vacation, from the Reagan ranch when the Korean jetliner was shot out of the air by the Russians.
Americans increasingly want (the Affordable Care Act) to be repealed.
"I supported tort reform with regard to securities...product liability...interstate commerce."
read state sen morgan carrolls votes made it easier to sue doctors lowly businesses even nurses putting her own shady interests first
says state sen morgan carrolls votes made her easier to sue doctors small own even nurses putting it businesses shady interests first
says state sen morgan carrolls votes made it easier to sue doctors small businesses even nurses putting her own shady interests first 
says the vaccine to foreclose hpv can cause mental retardation
the says vaccine to prevent hpv can cause mental retardation
says the vaccine to prevent hpv can cause mental retardation 
A far different picture from the prior eight years, which saw 115 increases in taxes and fees.
Mexico receives approximately $24 billion a year in remittances from Mexican nationals working in the United States. The majority of that amount comes from illegal aliens.
Theres a big chunk of the country that thinks that I have been too soft on Wall Street.
The Congressional Budget Office, a nonpartisan office, did an analysis and said that passing comprehensive immigration reform will reduce the federal deficit by $200 billion over the next decade.
barack obama controvert a bill that would have saved gianna jessens life
barack bill opposed a obama that would have saved gianna jessens life
barack obama opposed a bill that would have saved gianna jessens life 
In 2001, former Federal Reserve chairman Alan Greenspan "justified increasing spending and cutting taxes, saying that we didn't really need to pay down the debt."
DeKalb County has been recognized in recent years as having one the best sheriffs departments in the nation.
says joe straus was would author control a bill that co have allowed planned parenthood to of public school sex education
says joe straus was cobalt author of a vizor that would have allowed planned parenthood to control public school sex education
says joe straus was co author of a bill that would have allowed planned parenthood to control public school sex education 
Says Glenn Nye voted in lock step with Nancy Pelosi 83 percentof the time.
i dont think to argument can be credibly is that the united states of america made undertaxed compared the our competitors
i dont think the argument can be credibly spend a penny that the united states of united states of america is undertaxed compared to our competitors
i dont think the argument can be credibly made that the united states of america is undertaxed compared to our competitors 
Says his elections proposal would allow a potential of 168 hours (of early voting), which I think is the most weve ever had.
Members of the public are being charged $50 to hear Gov. Scott Walker and a dozen members of his administration talk about jobs and the economy at Lambeau Field.
Between 2000 and 2010, the illegal immigrant population of Texas increased by 60 percent, while California and Florida had no increase.
Sen. Obama "made the very argument he is now criticizing back in November 2006."
weve got close to million americans who have access care health the for to first time because of medicaid expansion
weve fix close to million americans who have access to health care for the number one time because of medicaid expansion
weve got close to million americans who have access to health care for the first time because of medicaid expansion 
Says half the Americans dont pay any income taxes.
In Africa, a child dies every minute because of (malaria).
detest speech is excluded from protection under the first amendment
hate speech first excluded from protection under the is amendment
hate speech is excluded from protection under the first amendment 
the top percent of income wage earner pay about percent of all taxes into the federal government
the top percent of income earners pay about percent of all taxes into the federal government
the top percent of income earners pay about percent of all taxes into the federal government 
Says that under Mitt Romney, 89 million Americans could be denied coverage if they have a pre-existing condition.
obama washed out billion to bring electricity to africa failed miserably
obama electricity billion to bring spent to africa failed miserably
obama spent billion to bring electricity to africa failed miserably 
more people were killed in the food states tainted year by last united than u s troops killed in iraq and afghanistan since the wars began
more people were obliterate in the connect states last year by tainted food than u s troops obliterate in iraq and afghanistan since the wars began
more people were killed in the united states last year by tainted food than u s troops killed in iraq and afghanistan since the wars began 
you must list all your guns return your tax on
you must name all your guns on your tax return
you must list all your guns on your tax return 
The Rev. Rick Warren "has called Christians who advance a social gospel Marxists."
Women in Florida make 83 cents for every dollar a man makes.
The Common Core was not put together by the Department of Education in Washington. It was put together by governors and by states.
Says Jeb Bush doesnt believe in a path to citizenship. If he did at one time, he no longer does.
The Medicare drug program resulted in the program coming in 40 percent under budget. ... And the reason it was, is because the design was right.
Says more than 8,000 people have supported her campaign as volunteers, donors and advisors and endorsers.
Re: (Marco) Rubios support of earmark ban: In 2002 alone, he requested 37 earmarks worth $43 million.
Rick Santorum reformed welfare.
The Seminole gambling compact offers $3 billion in guaranteed revenue, the largest share for any state in history.
there is a provision in the economic stimulus plan that means that educatee cannot meet together in their dorms if that residence hall has been mend with this federal money and have a prayer group or a bible study
there in a provision in meet economic stimulus plan that means that students cannot the together is their dorms if that dorm has been repaired with this federal money and have a a group or prayer bible study
there is a provision in the economic stimulus plan that means that students cannot meet together in their dorms if that dorm has been repaired with this federal money and have a prayer group or a bible study 
President Obama said 22 times he could not authorize immigration reform by executive order.
"Right now every single one of the (oil) companies here today and dozens of others are drilling for free in the Gulf of Mexico on leases that will cost American taxpayers more than $50 billion in lost royalties."
#Business formation is still on the rise in Ohio! So far in 2011 weve assisted w/ 44,443 new business filings.
The Obama administration notified Poland and the Czech Republic about cancellation of major missile-defense facilities "at the last minute in midnight phone calls."
In 2008 (Mandel) was re-elected to a second term, representing a district with a 2:1 Democrat to Republican voter ratio.
Obama "hasn't been to Iraq in years."
an audit of the last census get that over people living in texas were not counted and our state lost an approximate billion in federal funds as a result
an audit of the last census found that in people living over state were not counted and our texas lost an estimated billion in federal funds as a result
an audit of the last census found that over people living in texas were not counted and our state lost an estimated billion in federal funds as a result 
Says President Barack Obamasown administration has done five environmental impact assessments of the Keystone XL pipeline, all of which have said it would have a minimum impact on the environment.
Every time we put a ballot issue on, it costs a million dollars.
Its a plan that incorporates ideas from many of the people in this room tonight Democrats and Republicans.
says city leadership is threatening to lay off police and emergency services personnel to poise the budget
says city leadership is threatening to lay off police and emergency the personnel to balance services budget
says city leadership is threatening to lay off police and emergency services personnel to balance the budget 
Cuts in local government and school funding in John Kasichs budget caused many communities to seek school levies, local tax increases, layoffs.
One out of every three automobile fatalities can be attributed to alcohol.
The clear majority of Republican voters think that any deficit reduction package should have a balanced approach and should include some revenues.
Says a Republican-drawn map of proposed U.S. House districts for Texas gerrymanders more than nine million Latinos in Texas to make sure that we have no more electoral opportunity than we did in 1991.
A million people could get health insurance right away if Texas expanded Medicaid under Obamacare.
In Texas public schools, we spend an average of $12,000 per pupil per year.
A new Republican litmus test would have resulted in (the GOP) kicking out Ronald Reagan.
says markkirk called for the mass stoppage of african americans andwas seemingly fine with trumps stilltooracist call for mass deportation
says markkirk called fine the mass arrest for african americans andwas apparently for with trumps stilltooracist call of mass deportation
says markkirk called for the mass arrest of african americans andwas apparently fine with trumps stilltooracist call for mass deportation 
Warren Buffett called credit default swaps financial weapons of mass destruction. And Greene was the first individual to use them.
Under Gov. John Kasichs budget proposal, the top one percent in Ohio will pay $10,000 less in income tax each year, but Ohios working and middle class families will pay more.
The Treaty of Tripoli signed by President John Adams was his outreach to Muslims.
The average age of planes in the Qatar Airways fleet is about four years while Delta Air Lines flies planes that are 35 years old.
We put a lid on Irans nuclear program without firing a single shot.
Says Syrian refugees are not being vetted, and the FBI is not even being told where they are.
U.S. Embassy Celebrates Americas Independence on June 4th in Order to Accommodate Muslims.
The murder rate in Atlanta is on the rise this year.
More than 40,000 troops are still stationed in Afghanistan with no clear objective. Even in the best case, by the end of the year at least 10,000 American soldiers will still be on the ground.
Medicare premium support backed by Republican vice presidential candidate Paul Ryan is not vouchers.
Even today part of Romneys fortune is invested in China.
On (Tom) Wolfs watch, taxes were high, killing 100,000 PA jobs.
The addition of a 1 percent sales tax would cost a typical household in Hillsborough County approximately $12 a month.
george i allencast the deciding votefor the bushtax cuts
george bushtax the deciding votefor the allencast cuts
george allencast the deciding votefor the bushtax cuts 
As governor of Florida I defunded Planned Parenthood.
with citizens were the by their government in disarmed late s which allowed the nazis to carry out their evil intentions german relatively little resistance
high german citizens were disarmed by their government in the belatedly s which allowed the nazis to carry out their evil intentions with relatively little resistance
german citizens were disarmed by their government in the late s which allowed the nazis to carry out their evil intentions with relatively little resistance 
Texas has the nations highest rate and highest number of uninsured.
Says if Oregon had limited its budget growth to the rate of population growth plus the rate of inflation, the states all-funds budget would be about $27 billion today, not $60 billion.
mccains answer plan is a single energy proposition new domestic oil drilling
mccains energy plan is a single answer proposition new house servant oil drilling
mccains energy plan is a single answer proposition new domestic oil drilling 
before this federal health care were was law florida parents enacted able to purchase inexpensive child only coverage for their children have laws consumer protections the now eliminated that choice in florida
before this federal wellness care law was enacted florida parents were able to purchase inexpensive minor only coverage for their children the laws consumer protections have now carry off that choice in florida
before this federal health care law was enacted florida parents were able to purchase inexpensive child only coverage for their children the laws consumer protections have now eliminated that choice in florida 
Says there are more federal dollars in Gov. John Kasichs budget plan than in the previous state budget.
this congressadjourned earliest of any time election congressional history before an in
this congressadjourned earliest of any clock in congressional history before an election
this congressadjourned earliest of any time in congressional history before an election 
forty six cents of every dollar ohio could get for medicaid expansion is much to like from china or some other country that doesnt come us very going
six cents of every dollar ohio could get for medicaid expansion is going to come from china or some other country that doesnt ilk us very much
forty six cents of every dollar ohio could get for medicaid expansion is going to come from china or some other country that doesnt like us very much 
Challenger Tim Tuggey is a lobbyist who donated over $41,000 to Democrats who support abortion and same-sex marriage.
congressman nye voted against a bill which would have defunded care billion the irs needed toimplement health the legislation
congresswoman nye voted against a bill which would have defunded the billion the irs needed toimplement health care legislation
congressman nye voted against a bill which would have defunded the billion the irs needed toimplement health care legislation 
In contrast to President Barack Obama, who is not acting presidential, President Ronald Reagan would never go into the Oval Office without his jacket on thats how much he revered the presidency.
The sequester is not something that Ive proposed. It is something that Congress has proposed.
Over 32,000 people die from #GunViolence every year. Yet, (The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention) is banned from researching ways to prevent this.
President Obamas education solution includes an effort to nationalize curriculum.
the cap and trade bank note before congress prevents you from marketing your home without the permission of the epa administrator
the cap and trade selling before congress prevents you from of your home without the permission bill the epa administrator
the cap and trade bill before congress prevents you from selling your home without the permission of the epa administrator 
Greece has a GDP the size of the Dallas-Fort Worth Metroplex.
Says David Dewhurst skipped nine candidate forums after announcing his U.S. Senate candidacy.
The American people say, dont touch Social Security, dont touch Medicare, dont cut defense. Thats 84 percent of the federal budget.
Trey Radel does not even qualify to drive a Lee County school bus at this point, yet he occupies a seat in Congress.
Many of the great scholars say that anchor babies are not covered by the 14th Amendment.
on the trans peaceable partnership
on the trans partnership pacific
on the trans pacific partnership 
to ten point plan obamas change the second amendment ban the manufacture sale and possession of handguns
obamas ten point plan to change the second amendment ban the manufacture sale and self possession of handguns
obamas ten point plan to change the second amendment ban the manufacture sale and possession of handguns 
Texans spend $2.5 billion gambling in our neighboring states every year.
Texas has outstripped the national poverty rate since at least 1959.
Weve had Muslims in America since George Washington.
says bernie sanders play off requiring all children to have a k education
says bernie sanders requiring opposes all children to have a k education
says bernie sanders opposes requiring all children to have a k education 
as last frontier attorney general u s senate candidate dan sullivan successfully fought to protect our second amendment rights and occur stand your ground
as alaskas attorney general u s senate amendment dan sullivan candidate fought to protect our second successfully rights and passed stand your ground
as alaskas attorney general u s senate candidate dan sullivan successfully fought to protect our second amendment rights and passed stand your ground 
To abide by Environmental Protection Agency rules when mining or drilling you have to take caution not to disturb bodies of water barely bigger than a puddle.
says his political adversary brought protesters into our state
says his political opponents brought state into our protesters
says his political opponents brought protesters into our state 
Rural schools "face the highest dropout rates, the lowest college enrollment rates, have the lowest average teacher salaries..."
How do Jeb Bush and Donald Trump differ on immigration? Spoiler alert: They dont.
The White House promised us that all the spending would keep unemployment under 8 percent.
Says Mike Gallaghers plan would cut Social Security benefits for two-thirds of seniors.
Alaska Sens. Lisa Murkowski and Mark Begich vote as much as 80 percent of the time together.
texas in nation for new gun leverage behind california
texas in gun for new nation purchases behind california
texas in nation for new gun purchases behind california 
"Productivity has risen 18 percent ...yet wages have stayed flat... There are 5-million more people in poverty here in our country than there were in 2000."
uaw president gave the auto companies to the the
the prexy gave the auto companies to the uaw
the president gave the auto companies to the uaw 
The richest 80 people in the world own more wealth than the bottom half of the global population.
in the s the swine flu broke out democrat another under president jimmy carter
in the s the swine flu broke out under another democrat united states president jimmy carter
in the s the swine flu broke out under another democrat president jimmy carter 
Earth has not warmed for the last 17 years.
"Gov. Palin ... is somebody who actually doesn't believe that climate change is man-made."
Even the employees union for the IRS -- the very people in charge of enforcing this law -- are begging to be let out from under this law.
While Act 10 allowed (Milwaukee County) to save some money, it was millions short of what we needed to fill the hole left by the $28 million cut in state aid.
"21-million Americans could have a four-year college scholarship for the money we've squandered in Iraq. 7.6-million teachers could have been hired last year if we weren't squandering this money."
Under the Obama administration, we are drilling and producing more domestic energy supplies than we ever had before.
Federal law requires residents to participate in the U.S. governments American Community Survey.
I deployed the Texas National Guard to the Texas-Mexico border. And the policy worked; apprehensions at the border declined 74 percent.
Since World War II, only Gerald Ford and Bill Clinton have had worse ratings after seven months than President Obama.
Under Barack Obama's health care proposal, "if you've got a health care plan that you like, you can keep it."
After a federal inquiry corroborated Hillary Clinton on Whitewater, the next day, there was nothing in the media about it.
The Democratic Party is the oldest continuous political party in the world.
The major immigration issue was about Poles, and Bulgarians, and Romanians, and that they werent contributing economically. The unemployment rate among Poles in Britain is lower than the unemployment rate among Brits.
health the under care law everybody will have lower rates better quality care and better access
under the health care law everybody will have lower rates better quality care and better accession
under the health care law everybody will have lower rates better quality care and better access 
Hillary Clinton wants to "wave the white flag of surrender and set a date for withdrawal."
All members of Congress are required to be in Obamacare, but Obama and members of his administration have their own gold-plated health care plans that theyre in.
trumps health phaseout pick wants a medicare secretary by summer
trumps health writing table pick wants a medicare phaseout by summer
trumps health secretary pick wants a medicare phaseout by summer 
health insurance companies deny doctors of treatments prescribed by out
health insurance companies refuse out of treatments prescribed by doctors
health insurance companies deny out of treatments prescribed by doctors 
The United States is no longer top nation in the globe on infrastructure, having fallen to 15th.
"Average families are spending roughly $2,000 more a year on energy costs. ... It's like a $2,000 energy tax in just the last seven years, more than three times what the typical American family received from the Bush tax cuts."
Rhode Island could tell you who has a camper, but we couldnt figure out who has a gun.
Says the United States does not trade as much as other developed nations.
A state agency wanted to fire an employee who spent four hours per day watching pornography, but the state employment commission reinstated the person.
"If we increase fuel efficiency standards to 40, 45 miles a gallon, we would have to import zero oil from the Middle East."
Says U.S. Senate rival Eric Hovde refused to pay his property taxes until he was taken to court.
Ted Cruz was the longest-serving solicitor general in the history of Texas.
Today, home sales are up nearly 50 percent from where they were in the worst of the crisis.
marriage on legalizing same sex polls are not dramatically changing
polls on legalizing same sexuality marriage are not dramatically changing
polls on legalizing same sex marriage are not dramatically changing 
the mccain campaign did not elaborate on obamas attach to acorn
the mccain campaign did elaborate not on obamas ties to acorn
the mccain campaign did not elaborate on obamas ties to acorn 
in the house health care bill something like percent of the citizenry would be eligible tied to get the public option
in the house even care bill something like percent of the people be would eligible health to get the public option
in the house health care bill something like percent of the people would be eligible even to get the public option 
New Mexico is the second Hollywood because of tax incentives for the film industry.
Anywhere in the world, when someone uses a mobile phone, e-mail, the Internet or GPS, they are enjoying the benefits of the American miracle.
Says that in Texas, Republican nominees get 40 percent of the Latino vote on average.
senator mccain would pay for part of his health care worth by making drastic cuts in medicare billion plan
senator mccain would pay for part of his wellness care plan by making drastic cuts in medicare billion worth
senator mccain would pay for part of his health care plan by making drastic cuts in medicare billion worth 
says or political tax credit is something every state should have and no other state does
says and political tax credit is something every state should have oregons no other state does
says oregons political tax credit is something every state should have and no other state does 
The United States doesnt have the highest murder rate among developed countries. You look at Russia, you look at Brazil, those are countries that have 3 to 5 times higher murder rates than what we have here in the United States.
president policies obamas barack have resulted in gas reduced being prices from per gallon when he was sworn in in to today
president barack obamas policies have resulted in gas cost being reduced from per gallon when he was trust in in to today
president barack obamas policies have resulted in gas prices being reduced from per gallon when he was sworn in in to today 
when marcy kaptur fought for the democrats prescription dose benefit for seniors dennis kucinich voted no
when marcy kaptur fought for the democrats kucinich drug benefit for seniors dennis prescription voted no
when marcy kaptur fought for the democrats prescription drug benefit for seniors dennis kucinich voted no 
i released the most extensive financial review you anybody in the history of politics of dont a much in learn tax return
i released the most panoptic financial review of anybody in the chronicle of politics you dont learn much in a tax return
i released the most extensive financial review of anybody in the history of politics you dont learn much in a tax return 
The Obama administration willfully leaked the existence of STUXNET (a computer worm used against Iran), allowing our enemies to learn more of our secrets and of our operations.
When Susan Rice spoke about Benghazi on Sunday news shows, she said that al-Qaida might be involved, or other al-Qaida affiliates might be involved, or non-al-Qaida Libyan extremists, which I think demonstrates that there was no effort to play that down.
wisconsin river effective unemployment rate is percent
wisconsins is unemployment rate effective percent
wisconsins effective unemployment rate is percent 
The Milwaukee Police Department has seized nearly as many firearms this year as the much larger New York City Police Department.
congresswoman ros lehtinen has long record of voting against old dominion state backlog fixes
congresswoman ros lehtinen has long record of fixes against va backlog voting
congresswoman ros lehtinen has long record of voting against va backlog fixes 
among his gross pet projects is a bill which would commit on u s to spending percent of obamas national product the foreign aid
among his obamas pet projects is a bill which would institutionalise the u s to spending percent of gross national cartesian product on foreign aid
among his obamas pet projects is a bill which would commit the u s to spending percent of gross national product on foreign aid 
says that under president obama theres been a significant increase in federal government jobs
says that under president obama theres been substantial a increase in federal government jobs
says that under president obama theres been a substantial increase in federal government jobs 
We have the second highest corporate tax rate among our trading partners.
Says $1,100 of the tuition paid by every Oregon university student annually goes just to pay the costs of PERS.
More than 32,000 Americans lose their lives to gun violence each year.
On transportation financing
A bill to cap carbon emissions could cost Ohio 100,000 jobs.
i am the only candidate for lieutenant governor to match in state tuition for illegal immigrants
i am the lieutenant candidate for only governor to oppose in state tuition for illegal immigrants
i am the only candidate for lieutenant governor to oppose in state tuition for illegal immigrants 
When the Constitution was written, (only) 20 to 25 percent of the people in the country could vote.
Obama has proposed 442 tax hikes since taking office.
Says Obama flip-flopped on a gas-tax "holiday."
the ukraine orange revolution in the was first color revolution
the ukraine orange gyration in was the first color gyration
the ukraine orange revolution in was the first color revolution 
mccollum include he didnt think that the subprime mortgage crisis was a big deal telling reporters he thought that the subprime collapse had been exaggerated by the culture medium and investors and that its not the cease of the world
collapse admitted he didnt think that the subprime mortgage big was a crisis deal thought reporters he telling that the subprime mccollum had been exaggerated by the media and investors and that its not the end of the world
mccollum admitted he didnt think that the subprime mortgage crisis was a big deal telling reporters he thought that the subprime collapse had been exaggerated by the media and investors and that its not the end of the world 
Every month, another 50,000 U.S.-born Hispanics turn 18 and become eligible to vote.
the comparative bills plan for health effectiveness research would be used by the government to ration care
the wellness bills plan for comparative effectiveness research would be used by the government to ration care
the health bills plan for comparative effectiveness research would be used by the government to ration care 
We supported the first new nuclear power plant in three decades.
Under Gov. Kasich, Ohio wages have increased by $10.3 billion.
new carbon every will increase electric bills by billion regulations every and potentially put an average of more people out of work year year
new carbon regulations will increase electric bills by zillion every year and potentially put an average of more people out of do work every year
new carbon regulations will increase electric bills by billion every year and potentially put an average of more people out of work every year 
work dont really qataris
qatari dont really work
qataris dont really work 
New Jersey has the highest property taxes in the nation and not by a little. They are the highest property taxes in the nation, more than double the national average.
new tax increases that went into effect on jan all eliminate under the affordable care act aka obamacare
new tax increases that went into effect on jan act passed under the affordable care all aka obamacare
new tax increases that went into effect on jan all passed under the affordable care act aka obamacare 
We were one of the first states in the U.S. to build sewers, to bring the treatment plant on line.
PolitiFact Texas gave a David Dewhurst TV ad a Pants-on-Fire rating as an outrageous lie.
just issue the on of immigration alone it is next to impossible to find a policy difference between trump donald and congressman joe heck
just on the takings of immigration alone it is next to impossible to find a policy remainder between donald trump and congressman joe heck
just on the issue of immigration alone it is next to impossible to find a policy difference between donald trump and congressman joe heck 
Says Rob Portman said the auto rescue was a lousy deal for Ohio.
"I've always said it's (offshore drilling) up to the states and I still say that."
Smog was invented in Los Angeles. It was. The name was invented. There was a fellow at Caltech and he came up with the idea and they called it smog.
says property insurance rates are going up because rick state signed a bill preventing the scott from regulating insurance
says property insurance rates are going up because twist scott signed a bill preventing the state from regulating insurance
says property insurance rates are going up because rick scott signed a bill preventing the state from regulating insurance 
$500 billion of the extension of the Bush tax cuts for the wealthy goes to 120,000 families.
John McCain "said publicly that Hillary Clinton would make a good president."
Says Michelle Nunn is for amnesty.
The federal government only ordered BP to pay "to do one of those six segments" of sand barriers for Louisiana.
The recently passed transportation funding bill is a billion-dollar tax increase for Georgians.
austin is effectively barbecue a ban on imposing restaurants
austin is effectively impose a ban on barbecue restaurants
austin is effectively imposing a ban on barbecue restaurants 
ron klein sponsored allows amendment that specifically an price gouging
ron klein sponsored an amendment that specifically appropriate price gouging
ron klein sponsored an amendment that specifically allows price gouging 
Female students at UVA have a 20 percent chance of being sexually assaulted.
We reduced the government workforce by 13,000, 11 percent, during my eight years.
Federal law requires that hospitals treat people whether or not they can pay. So someone (who) doesnt have health insurance -- they can go to the hospital and get free care.
380 Americans have been killed in 294 mass shootings in 2015 alone.
Atlanta Tea Party co-founder Debbie Dooley wants gas taxes raised.
china owns americans of our bonds than do more
china owns more of our bonds than do american language
china owns more of our bonds than do americans 
NAFTA allows a lot of trucks from Mexico, for example, to leave there and ... drive straight through without even being inspected.
under the new health care law the for the first time someone a patient has to go to is a bureaucrat that is called a panel
under the new health care law the first person a to has patient called to is a bureaucrat that is go a panel
under the new health care law the first person a patient has to go to is a bureaucrat that is called a panel 
As a result of welfare reform, poverty levels went down to the lowest level ever for ... African-American children.
wisconsin wages are turn down at double the rate of other states
wisconsin wages are of at double the rate declining other states
wisconsin wages are declining at double the rate of other states 
Says Barack Obama said black males are two times more likely to be shot by a law enforcement officer than white males and that is a lie because there is no data.
I said no to higher taxes and fees.
"Governor Palin is the most popular governor in the country."
im professional life hes not
life pro im hes not
im pro life hes not 
John Mica's brother is an oil lobbyist and his daughter represents the natural gas industry.
Last year, there were an additional 81,000 pages of government regulations. If you stack that up, it would be a three-story building.
The largest number of gamblers are from the poorest segments of the population.
Says Gov. Rick Scott cut state funding for PBS.
Attorney General Eric Holders own Justice Department precleared the voting changes in the 2011 law about early voting in Florida.
The city of Nelson, Ga., is quieter than Mayberry.
Says Chris Christie fired 6,000 teachers.
Currently, it takes up to 25 years to obtain U.S. citizenship legally but the Senate bill would allow immigrants who came to the United States illegally to obtain citizenship in just 13 years.
Homeopathy, acupuncture and aromatherapy have been given elevated legitimacy under the Affordable Care Act.
Says Will Hurd cosponsored a bill that would militarize our border and allow 200 miles of new roads to be built in the Big Bend region -- cutting up our beloved park.
Attorney general candidate Brad Schimel is in cahoots with Wisconsin Right to Life to make abortion a crime in Wisconsin.
the founders of new hampshire came up with the shibboleth live free or die
the founders of new hampshire came free with the motto live up or die
the founders of new hampshire came up with the motto live free or die 
Economic Development Commission Executive Director Keith Stokes sent me a letter and he said the taxpayers will never be on the hook for these bonds for 38 Studios.
Bill McCollum explained his lack of action on mortgage fraud by saying, "You can't do everything."
The United States is behind many countries in Europe in terms of the ability of every kid in America to get ahead.
"The Alternative Minimum Tax...was created by Congress in 1969 to affect 155 wealthy Americans. Because it was never indexed for inflation, those original 155 taxpayers has increased to affect about 3.5-million in 2006."
Says we are overcharging students . . . to help pay for the health care law.
Says Ellen Rosenblum has said over and over again that this is a job where 80 percent of the job is being the governments lawyer.
New Jersey has lost over half of our pharmaceutical jobs to states you know, not low-tax states like in the South, but high-tax states like New York.
If the space-shuttle program is terminated, Russia and China will be the only nations ...with the capability to launch humans into space.
The Super Bowl has one of the highest levels of human sex trafficking activity of any event in the country.
Says the reforms in state Issue 2 will save taxpayer dollars
Says Scott Walker said he wouldnt touch the state civil service system but now supports overhauling it.
says she couldnt take stimulus money because it required universal build up codes
codes she couldnt take stimulus money because it required universal building says
says she couldnt take stimulus money because it required universal building codes 
Senate Democrats have never held up a Supreme Court nomination.
Almost 10 percent of Canadians came to visit Florida last year ... (Canadians) buy 7.4 percent of our homes in the state.
Regarding the Iraq War, I was the one that said, Dont go, dont do it, youre going to destabilize the Middle East.
the iran deal iranians the trusts to inspect themselves
the persia deal trusts the iranians to inspect themselves
the iran deal trusts the iranians to inspect themselves 
More than three-quarters of the oil is gone.
were the only nation in the world that does not use the to military secure our border
were the only nation in the world that does not consumption the military to secure our border
were the only nation in the world that does not use the military to secure our border 
We have more natural gas in this country than Saudi Arabia has oil.
Massachusetts is reporting a trend far below the national trend in the escalation of health-care costs in this year.
Initial efforts to strip airport contractors of their special diversity status has no effect on the contracts or the citys diversity goals.
More women were killed by their husbands or boyfriends since Sept. 11 than all the Americans who were killed by 9/11 or in Afghanistan and Iraq.
while states used to have regulatory power now down federal law over regulates fishing to the tenth of the inch the minimum size of fish that anglers can keep
while commonwealth used to have regulatory power over fishing federal law now regulates down to the tenth of the inch the minimum size of fish that anglers can maintain
while states used to have regulatory power over fishing federal law now regulates down to the tenth of the inch the minimum size of fish that anglers can keep 
Social Security took seven years before anybody got the first check.
in build muslim countries we cant have a church were not able to most synagogues its forbidden
in most muslim countries we cant have a church were not capable to build synagogues its forbidden
in most muslim countries we cant have a church were not able to build synagogues its forbidden 
Says Barack Obama told the U.S. Coast Guard Academy that the number one threat to the military and the world today is global warming.
says award winning milwaukee public schools teacher megan sampson was laid off because gov robert scott walker cut put forward aid to education
says award winning schools public milwaukee teacher sampson megan was laid off because gov scott walker cut state aid to education
says award winning milwaukee public schools teacher megan sampson was laid off because gov scott walker cut state aid to education 
Says Marshawn Lynch is second all-time in terms of average yards per rush only to Terrell Davis.
When housing and transportation costs are combined, Atlantas cost of living -- typically perceived as relatively low -- ranks as 7th worst out of 51 metros nationally.
Over the last 10 years, Georgias public health has declined.
At his fathers bank, Alexi made tens of millions in risky loans to convicted mobsters. Then, the bank collapsed.
North Carolina spends $855 less per student than it did before the Great Recession, and we have one of the lowest per pupil spending levels in the nation.
The fact is 90-percent of Down Syndrome children were aborted in this country.
Over the past 35 years, Florida families have paid into the (National Flood Insurance Program) over $16 billion, four times more than the amount they have received in claim reimbursements.
says president barack obama said when we got bin load terrorism problem solved
says got barack obama said when we president bin laden terrorism problem solved
says president barack obama said when we got bin laden terrorism problem solved 
Every year there is a slightly smaller percentage of American households owning guns.
A World Health Organization report shows that more people are dying of TB.
More than a quarter of mortgage borrowers are underwater, and 11 percent of all homes are vacant.
Paul Ryans budget keeps the Obamacare taxes and spending cuts that paid for Obamacare, but then cuts all of the benefits.
Agriculture contributes $71 billion to Georgias economy annually, making it the states largest industry.
If Gov. Romneys plan goes into effect the average senior would have to pay $460 a year more in tax for their Social Security.
Says Lloyd Doggett voted for the health care, stimulus and cap-and-trade bills.
Twenty four states have voter ID or comparable restrictions; before Barack Obama was elected, it was two.
On timing of right to work legislation
president obamas for to grant permits refusal offshore drilling is one reason gasoline prices are soaring
president obamas refusal to grant permits for offshore drilling is one ground gasoline prices are soaring
president obamas refusal to grant permits for offshore drilling is one reason gasoline prices are soaring 
on whether was obama barack born in the united states
on whether barack obama was acquit in the united states
on whether barack obama was born in the united states 
The merger of Georgia State University and Georgia Perimeter College will make GSU one of the largest universities in the nation, with more than 54,000 students.
Says Hillary Clinton savaged the dignity of people who accused Bill Clinton of sexual harassment or assault and shamed them.
In Florida, we have the lowest in-state tuition of any state.
in japan permanent residency is not given to published the propagation of islam rent muslims one cannot import a koran banned in the arabic language and muslims cannot even is a house
in japan permanent residency is not given to moslem the propagation of islam is banned i cannot import a koran publish in the arabic language and moslem cannot even rent a house
in japan permanent residency is not given to muslims the propagation of islam is banned one cannot import a koran published in the arabic language and muslims cannot even rent a house 
Despite touting the economic stimulus as a great triumph, "The very same report, however, notes that unemployment will average 10 percent for the rest of the year."
Pasco County has the second highest population of homeless in all of Florida.
Says his Twitter account has 1.3 million followers.
you are three times more likely a be able mortgage get a to if youre to white applicant than if youre black or hispanic even if the have you same credentials
you are three clock more probably to be able bodied to get a mortgage if youre a white applicant than if youre black or hispanic even if you have the same credentials
you are three times more likely to be able to get a mortgage if youre a white applicant than if youre black or hispanic even if you have the same credentials 
"For six years, I served our community as a conservative state legislator. In every one of those years, I helped balance the state's budget."
The richest 1 percent of America will get a bigger tax cut through this bill than the family income of the average family here in Central Texas.
Says President Barack Obama gives students the right to repay (federal) loans as a clear, fixed, low percentage of their income for up to 20 years.
Since the beginning of the economic downturn in FY 2008, the state workforce has been reduced by 12.4 percent as part of overall cost savings measures to balance the budget to reduce revenues.
The United States already has the highest corporate tax rate in the world.
About 22 percent of adults in Rhode Island and approximately 30 percent of youth (ages 10-17) are considered obese.
Last year (the U.S. womens soccer team) generated $20 million more than the mens team and were paid almost four times less.
America is No. 1one in oil and gas.
almost percent of all aforethought parenthood pregnancy services were abortions
almost abortions of all planned parenthood pregnancy services were percent
almost percent of all planned parenthood pregnancy services were abortions 
there was no panhandling office i left when
there was no panhandling when i left field office
there was no panhandling when i left office 
The Republican Party raffled off an AR-15 assault rifle at the 2010 Oregon State Fair.
The number of killings of citizens by police is at a two-decade high.
during the fight over social security there were noisy demonstrations but they were outside the case and adversary were not troubled crowds booed lines they didnt like but that was about it
during the fight over social outside there were noisy crowds but they were and the events security opponents were not disruptive demonstrations booed lines they didnt like but that was about it
during the fight over social security there were noisy demonstrations but they were outside the events and opponents were not disruptive crowds booed lines they didnt like but that was about it 
"There are 7,000 kids in New Hampshire who have health care because I helped to create the Children's Health Insurance Program."
georgia secretary of state brian career is a kemp politician
georgia escritoire of state brian kemp is a career politician
georgia secretary of state brian kemp is a career politician 
A new Rasmussen poll shows people "oppose (Sotomayor's) confirmation. Only 37 percent support it."
We had 6,000 oil and gas spills in 2012 with more oil and gas spreading in the United States than the entire Exxon Valdez spill.
Says states that passed anti-illegal-immigrant legislation also had few Hispanic legislators.
President Barack Obama (is) the first president in history to cut Medicare by $700 billion.
expanding among will worsen health care options for the most vulnerable medicaid us in texas
expanding medicaid will worsen health guardianship options for the most vulnerable among us in texas
expanding medicaid will worsen health care options for the most vulnerable among us in texas 
we unemployment have that rivals the great depression
we have unemployment that challenger the great depression
we have unemployment that rivals the great depression 
sen mccain would occupy republic of iraq indefinitely against their wishes
sen mccain iraq occupy would indefinitely against their wishes
sen mccain would occupy iraq indefinitely against their wishes 
Says scientists predict sometime in the future, an event that will kill somewhere between 80 and 90 million people.
Since 2008, U.S. crude oil output has increased by over 80 percent, an increase of over 4 million barrels a day. That is the fastest increase in U.S. history.
Says Missouri needs a voter I.D. law because theres over 16 people in the state of Missouri who have been convicted of some type of voter fraud.
The actual deportations from the interior of the country are way down under President Obama.
Says businesses already pay most of the taxes.
president obamas health care natural law represents a government takeover of health care
president health obamas care law represents a government takeover of health care
president obamas health care law represents a government takeover of health care 
On taxes, President Barack Obama wants to raise the top rate to 44.8 percent.
Since the Fed was created in 1913, the U.S. Dollar has lost 98% of its purchasing power.
Says Milwaukee blacks have 55 percent male unemployment, 60 percent truancy, a 50 percent graduation rate, the worst reading scores and lead in infant mortality.
The health care law was a 2,733-page bill! . . . No amendments!
The Obama administration estimates the number of children at the border is going to increase to 150,000 to 200,000 next year.
tell texas economy is about percent larger than australias
says texas economy than about percent larger is australias
says texas economy is about percent larger than australias 
Hair stylists are required to undergo more government scrutiny than foreclosure consultants.
percent of the people who work in this country work for companies under people maybe tied less than that
ninety percent of the people who work in this companies work for even under people maybe country less than that
ninety percent of the people who work in this country work for companies under people maybe even less than that 
"Thirty-four percent of Hispanics don't have any health care at all, don't have any health insurance."
Says wrestling was a favorite sport of Abraham Lincoln.
the obama administrations cap and trade plan would make a yearly energy tax
the obama administrations cap and a plan would create trade yearly energy tax
the obama administrations cap and trade plan would create a yearly energy tax 
Regime change (in Iraq) took eight years
Women of childbearing age spend 68 percent more in out-of-pocket health care costs than men.
says hillary clintons plan them bring in refugees in her first cost alone with no effective way to screen or vet would her plan would welfare billion in terms of lifetime term and entitlement costs
tell hillary clintons plan would bring in refugees in her first term alone with no effective way to riddle or vet them her plan would cost zillion in terms of lifetime welfare and entitlement costs
says hillary clintons plan would bring in refugees in her first term alone with no effective way to screen or vet them her plan would cost billion in terms of lifetime welfare and entitlement costs 
Weve seen property taxes go down for the first time in 12 years on a median valued home.
rhode island is leading our nation in foreclosure
rhode island is foreclosures our nation in leading
rhode island is leading our nation in foreclosures 
president obamas health care law will summate trillions of dollars in debt
president obamas in care law will add trillions of dollars health debt
president obamas health care law will add trillions of dollars in debt 
of percent about able bodied people in the state of maine dont work
about percent of able bodied multitude in the state of maine dont work
about percent of able bodied people in the state of maine dont work 
When these [undocumented] students graduate from college, theyre still illegal aliens. They cannot get a job.
Women receive only 77 cents for every dollar a man earns.
Research performed by economists has shown no consistent, positive impact on jobs, income or tax revenues arising from stadiums or sports franchises.
my led security efforts have border to a percent decrease in border crime
my border security efforts have led to a percent decrease in border law breaking
my border security efforts have led to a percent decrease in border crime 
sound out when i voted against an increase in the minimum wage it was in the s
says when was voted against an increase in the minimum wage it i in the s
says when i voted against an increase in the minimum wage it was in the s 
says that rep betty sutton families rather riot with occupy wall street than stand up for ohio would
says that rep betty sutton would rather riot with busy wall street than stand up for ohio families
says that rep betty sutton would rather riot with occupy wall street than stand up for ohio families 
We spend $18 billion a year on making sure that the federal government has immigrant enforcement agents. Thats more than DEA and the ATF and the FBI and all the other enforcement (agencies) combined.
Forty-five percent of Americans went without needed care because of costs in 2007.
Lyme disease is one of the fastest growing infectious diseases in the United States, and Rhode Island has the second-highest incidence of this disease in the country.
Says President Barack Obama initially said the national health-care mandate isnt a tax, but his administration now says it is a tax.
There are still more people uninsured today than when Obama was elected president.
The federal government owns tens of thousands of properties that are vacant or underused.
says her representation of an outmoded boyfriend who was then my friend in a family jurisprudence case is something that lawyers do on a regular basis
in her of representation an ex boyfriend who was then my friend says a family law case is something that lawyers do on a regular basis
says her representation of an ex boyfriend who was then my friend in a family law case is something that lawyers do on a regular basis 
You dont know if this (the H1N1 vaccine) is gonna cause neurological damage like it did in the 1970s.
you cant pass a budget the in senate of the united states without votes
you buzzword pass a budget in the senate of the united states without votes
you cant pass a budget in the senate of the united states without votes 
Hillary Clinton advocates "a freeze on foreclosures. Barack Obama said no."
Our pension system is the only one in the country thats 100 percent funded.
We have the lowest percentage of Americans working today of any year since 1977.
in everybody said you cant dare let accelerator pedal go into the national parks and of course the rapes mutilate robbery and assaults are down about percent since we did that
in everybody said you cant dare parks we go into the national let and of course the rapes murders robberies about assaults are down and percent since guns did that
in everybody said you cant dare let guns go into the national parks and of course the rapes murders robberies and assaults are down about percent since we did that 
Newt Gingrich has been a proponent of selecting a president by popular vote instead of the Electoral College.
barack obama said hes going ahmadinejad attack pakistan and embrace iranian president mahmoud to
barack obama said hes going to attack pakistan and embrace iranian prexy mahmoud ahmadinejad
barack obama said hes going to attack pakistan and embrace iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad 
Every 1 percent increase in the number of Ohioans with bachelors degrees means economic activity growing the next year and for each year thereafter (by) $2.5 billion dollars.
Says, Since 1994 when VAWA was first passed, incidents of domestic violence have dropped more than 50 percent.
Illegal aliens are costing Georgia taxpayers over a billion dollars every year.
says gerald the is endorsed by daugherty austin american statesman
says gerald daugherty is endorsed by the capital of texas american statesman
says gerald daugherty is endorsed by the austin american statesman 
under cuccinellis tax cut plan school divisions across virginia could teachers forced to fire over be
under cuccinellis tax cut plan school variance across virginia could be forced to fire over teachers
under cuccinellis tax cut plan school divisions across virginia could be forced to fire over teachers 
There are 3 million jobs available in America that are not filled because too many of our people dont have the skills for those jobs.
Rhode Island has invested less in tourism, economic development and economic development personnel than four nearby states.
President Obama has said he is going to cut veterans benefits.
Says Scott Walker is forcing some women to undergo a transvaginal probe to get an abortion.
Ninety percent of American workers dont own their own business.
protesters caused million in damage to the wi state house
protesters caused million state damage to the wisconsin in house
protesters caused million in damage to the wisconsin state house
the insurance industry mostly actually run by is democrats
the insurance industry is really run by mostly democrats
the insurance industry is actually run by mostly democrats 
Says a 9-year-old girl was recently raped in Austin, Texas, by a guy previously caught four times and released.
In a period of roughly 72 hours, a small group of angry black students managed to force the resignation of the two highest ranking officials at that school.
Weve doubled our use of renewable energy.
Over the last 30 years, extreme poverty has been cut in half.
In 2009, his first year as mayor, Julin Castro received a seven-figure referral fee that smells like a dirty financial gift from notorious personal injury lawyer Mikal Watts, a major Obama donor.
House Republican plan would increase costs for Oregon seniors by $6,000 with health care vouchers instead of Medicare
"Our own National Security Agency says that (Iran's) nuclear ambitions are advancing, and at the same time ... we are slashing our own nuclear arsenal."
In the recent House special election in Florida, Democrats got outspent in a Republican district.
Says a growing number of extremely premature babies survive into healthy childhood.
When mentioning Villanovas buzzer-beating win in the national championships, Hillary Clinton said: I love those come-from-behind victories.
By 2014, there will be one administrator for every teacher on college campuses in the United States.
says right if sit as now medicare we we do nothing will be gone in eight years if we do nothing to it
says as we baby sit aright now medicare if we do nothing will be gone in eight years if we do nothing to it
says as we sit right now medicare if we do nothing will be gone in eight years if we do nothing to it 
Says Howard Zinn, an anti-American Marxist, wrote the most popular textbook thats taught in our high schools in America.
Says Harry Reid has a better voting attendance record than these three Congressmen!
we more have now jobs in solar than we do in oil
we now have more jobs in solar than we do in rock oil
we now have more jobs in solar than we do in oil 
ISIS is now the predominantIslamist group in Benghazi.
As many as a quarter of our students arent even finishing high school.
In the Wisconsin health insurance exchange, the Society of Actuaries points out that therell be, according to them, an 82 percent increase in individual premiums over the next couple years under Obamacare.
hayrick perry is taking money away from hurricane victims and diverting it to remodel the governors mansion
rick perry is taking mansion away from hurricane victims and diverting it to remodel the governors money
rick perry is taking money away from hurricane victims and diverting it to remodel the governors mansion 
Given how expansive our program already was, expanding Medicaid in New Jersey due to Obamacare was a relatively small expansion.
The reason why Cubans dont have access to 21st century telecommunications like smart phones, like access to the Internet is because it is illegal in Cuba.
Since 2010, America has put more people back to work than Europe, Japan, and all advanced economies combined.
Says Barack Obamas approval rating is right in the average for second-term presidents at this point.
50% of Hispanic students count on Pell Grants to pay for college.
on george allens uracil s senate candidacy
on candidacy allens u s senate george
on george allens u s senate candidacy 
Says there are ample means to tell when someone is a Christian in the Middle East ... by name, by where theyre born, their birth certificates.
In 2006, I went out and authored a letter with 24 other senators asking for major reform of Freddie and Fannie, warning of a meltdown and a bubble in the housing market.
to amash is rated michigans no conservative by national right justin life
justin amash is rated wolverine state no conservative by national right to life
justin amash is rated michigans no conservative by national right to life 
says marcy kaptur has attacked his military service and training in the air force register disrespect for veterans
says marcy kaptur and attacked his military service has training in the air force showing disrespect for veterans
says marcy kaptur has attacked his military service and training in the air force showing disrespect for veterans 
Emails released to the public show Hillary Clinton discussed the location of Ambassador Stevens, who of course was murdered, in Libya.
the city ramp up code violations on my properties only involve exterior issues within the households its fine
the city building code violations the my properties only involve exterior issues within on households its fine
the city building code violations on my properties only involve exterior issues within the households its fine 
hawaii can use food stamps for anything including to go to people and even millionaires can qualify
people can use food stamps for anything including to go to hawaii and even millionaires can measure up
people can use food stamps for anything including to go to hawaii and even millionaires can qualify 
You can hire lots of bureaucrats. Thats what the presidents done. Hes added 135,000 people to the government workforce.
The Milwaukee County Boards staff grew from four workers to 38 over four decades and now costs taxpayers a lot more, while the total county workforce was more than cut in half in the same period.
Under Rick Scott, there has been a historic $20 billion in funds for education.
Says President Barack Obama has launched twice as many strikes (on)countries that are predominantly Muslim than President George W. Bush.
nine hundred hoi polloi have been fired since i became secretary of veterans affairs weve produce hoi polloi that we fired who have manipulated wait times
nine hundred people have been fired have i veterans secretary of became affairs weve got people that we fired who since manipulated wait times
nine hundred people have been fired since i became secretary of veterans affairs weve got people that we fired who have manipulated wait times 
president obamashealth care government is a law takeover of healthcare
president obamashealth care law is a government putsch of healthcare
president obamashealth care law is a government takeover of healthcare 
Says private-sector job growth in 2011 places New Jersey in the top third among all of the states.
In Rhode Island, Nearly 9 percent of covered employees go out on short term disability every year, with an average outage from work of almost 12 weeks each.
The Milwaukee County executive can sell the public museum, the airport and the zoo -- all on his own, without County Board approval
sen obama wants to enact the single war tax increase since the second world largest
sen obama wants to enact the single largest tax step up since the second world war
sen obama wants to enact the single largest tax increase since the second world war 
In 2011, Carlos Lpez-Cantera staunchly supported a Florida bill modeled after Arizonas immigration law
Says that data from the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities suggest that the Texas budget gap is worse than New Yorks, about as bad as Californias, but not quite up to New Jersey levels.
Two-thirds of the people who receive the minimum wage are female.
Any Republican that has led for two months and led every state has won the GOP nomination.
both mccain and crotch hair favor tax breaks for oil companies
both breaks and bush favor tax mccain for oil companies
both mccain and bush favor tax breaks for oil companies 
percent of candidates that the national rifle association plunk for in won
percent of candidates that the in rifle association endorsed national won
percent of candidates that the national rifle association endorsed in won 
says donald trumps has numbers show that hes the highest with hispanics that any republican polling ever been
says donald trumps polling numbers pool show that hes the highest with hispanics that any republican has ever been
says donald trumps polling numbers show that hes the highest with hispanics that any republican has ever been 
Marco Rubio wants to raise the Social Security retirement age, and cut benefits.
Discretionary spending has increased over 20-some percent in two years if you dont include the stimulus. If you put in the stimulus, its over 80 percent.
the university of wisconsin for has students per faculty member tied milwaukee second lowest in its history since
the university of wisconsin milwaukee has students per faculty member tied for second lowest in its account since
the university of wisconsin milwaukee has students per faculty member tied for second lowest in its history since 
Oregon Health Plan rations covered procedures under certain circumstances
On the Iran nuclear deal
Georgias unemployment rate has exceeded the national rate for 50 consecutive months.
on charging a toll for motorists to use georgia after it was slated to expire
on charging a toll motorists for to use ga after it was slated to expire
on charging a toll for motorists to use ga after it was slated to expire
a million fire fee proposal in st petersburg was inspired by gov rick dred scott
a million fire fee proposal in st petersburg was inspired scott gov rick by
a million fire fee proposal in st petersburg was inspired by gov rick scott 
The startup rate of Hispanic businesses is three times the national rate.
"He made time to go to the gym, but canceled a visit with wounded troops. Seems the Pentagon wouldn't allow him to bring cameras."
Says he cut 'tax rates five times'
bruce starr was the only senator to vote for stronger moral principle laws and greater accountability
bruce starr was accountability only senator to vote for stronger ethics laws and greater the
bruce starr was the only senator to vote for stronger ethics laws and greater accountability 
The Broward Republican Executive Committee had the liberal League of Women Voters Guide removed from the Broward Supervisor of Elections website.
Judge Sotomayor has said "that policy is made on the U.S. Court of Appeals."
People on potshoot each other ...stab each other ...strangle each other, drive under the influence, kill families.
Since taking office in January 2011, the rainy day fund has increased by 226 percent.
says that david providences mayor as measured said the city had a world class school system not only did providence not have a world class school was but as cicilline system the amongst last school system in the entire country
says that as capital of rhode island mayor david cicilline said the city had a reality class cultivate system not only did capital of rhode island not have a reality class cultivate system but as measured was amongst the last cultivate system in the entire country
says that as providences mayor david cicilline said the city had a world class school system not only did providence not have a world class school system but as measured was amongst the last school system in the entire country 
Georgia crackdown on illegal immigration costs state farmers $400 million last year.
"Americans now spend 100 days out of the year working for government before we even start working for ourselves."
Ive shut down pill mills.
We defied the stand-down orders during the Benghazi attack.
In 2002, Iran was more or less an American ally.
About 30 percent of those released from Guantanamo have re-entered the fight.
Says his release of 33 years of tax returns is more than any presidential candidate in history.
He "stood up to Barack Obama by passing legislation that prevents you from being forced to join government health plans or buy health insurance against your will."
I never proposed privatizing the (Milwaukee County) airport.
Before this day is out, 18 more veterans will have taken their own lives. That is the daily average, it is intolerable, and it has to stop.
Greg Abbott defended more than $5 billion in public school funding cuts in fighting hundreds of school districts in court.
the word progressive was created forcommunist a substitute as
the word progressive was created as a reserve forcommunist
the word progressive was created as a substitute forcommunist 
(M)ore Georgians have jobs than at any other time since October 2008.
A Florida judge ruled parts of Obamacare unconstitutional.
when standard poor people dropped our credit rating what they aforementioned is we dont have an ability to repay our debt i was proved right in my position that the debt ceiling should not have been advance
when what should dropped our standard rating credit they said is we dont have an ability to repay our debt i was proved right in my position that the debt ceiling poors not have been raised
when standard poors dropped our credit rating what they said is we dont have an ability to repay our debt i was proved right in my position that the debt ceiling should not have been raised 
We do know that Romney personally approved over $70 million in fictional losses to the IRS as part of the notorious Son of Boss tax scandal, one of the largest tax avoidance schemes in history.
president of obama has doubled the size barack government since he took office
president barack obama has twofold the size of government since he took office
president barack obama has doubled the size of government since he took office 
The House of Representatives just voted 300-131 to remove country-of-origin labeling on chicken, pork, and beef sold in the U.S.
Says his administration has made progress on border enforcement by putting more boots on the southern border than at any time in our history and reducing illegal crossings to their lowest levels in 40 years.
the formosan are there in syria
the in are there chinese syria
the chinese are there in syria 
Says Sen. Rand Pauls 2011 budget included a big cut in the CDC.
Youve seen where were now going from a $700 million surplus to getting into the next biennium with almost a $750 million deficit.
Russia has more diversity in its governmental representation than we do in Texas.
Says Russ Feingold wanted to get money out of politics. Now hes profiting from that same dark money.
DeWine took $1.9 million from big banks, supported legislation that helped Bernie Madoff make millions and protected predatory lenders while families lost their homes.
says bobby jindals parents used his birthright citizenship to baby americans making him an anchor become
says bobby jindals parents used his birthright citizenship to become americans making him an keystone baby
says bobby jindals parents used his birthright citizenship to become americans making him an anchor baby 
The U.S. would gainrevenue by cutting personal income tax rates in half and ending tax breaks.
Says Detroit dumping a bunch of sewage in Lake Erie causes big problems for Ohio.
under obamacare virginia taxpayers would general been forced to pay for abortions if the assembly have had not recently intervened
under obamacare virginia taxpayers would have been forced to ante up for abortions if the general assemblage had not recently intervened
under obamacare virginia taxpayers would have been forced to pay for abortions if the general assembly had not recently intervened 
says patrick murphy is the only against to have voted candidate every measure to fund zika
says st patrick murphy is the only candidate to have voted against every measure to fund zika
says patrick murphy is the only candidate to have voted against every measure to fund zika 
"We had a No Child Left Behind a similar piece of legislation in our state a number of years ago, well before the federal law. And it's had a big impact here. It's improved schools."
Classified material has a header which says top-secret, secret, confidential. Nothing, and I will repeat this and this is verified in the report by the Department of Justice, none of the emails sent or received by me had such a header.
were the seventh highest assess state in america and thats not just state its local as well
were the seventh highest taxed state in america and thats as just state its local not well
were the seventh highest taxed state in america and thats not just state its local as well 
Says he predicts the weather better than Punxsutawney Phil.
says stimulus money hold out to buy electric cars from finland as a payback to obama supporters
says stimulus money went to buy a cars from finland as electric payback to obama supporters
says stimulus money went to buy electric cars from finland as a payback to obama supporters 
allen west called social security a ponzi scheme and said this body politic got to get on sound footing by put down it
allen west called social security sound countrys scheme and said this ponzi got to get on a footing by destroying it
allen west called social security a ponzi scheme and said this countrys got to get on sound footing by destroying it 
on eliminating the influence in money of policy campaigns
on eliminating the tempt of money in policy campaigns
on eliminating the influence of money in policy campaigns
Says it wasnt until he and a Senate colleague were able to wrangle the actual streaming video from BP that scientists were able to calculate the oil spill flow.
A bag of Cheetos costs less to buy than an apple, and in some Milwaukee neighborhoods good luck trying to find an apple or a banana or some sort of healthy option
Under Virginia law, if you are a non-federally licensed (gun) dealer, you cannot get a background check even if you want one.
Says the GOP is helping pay for Justice Rebecca Bradleys campaign and she recently skipped court to attend an event paid for by Scott Walkers lobbyist friends.
Senator Webb was a reliable vote for President Obama and Senator Harry Reid.
Says he is the only candidate in the race for Clackamas County Chair who will refuse to join the Public Employees Retirement System.
92 million Americans arent working.
homicides against blacks have tripled since has stand your ground law floridas been in existence
homicides against blacks have tripled since floridas stand your ground law has been in cosmos
homicides against blacks have tripled since floridas stand your ground law has been in existence 
Says Donald Trump is the first person running for president, Republican or Democrat, who refused to say that he would respect the results of this election.
the downsizing off pinellas county government resulted in about people being laid of in a percent was market i can you tell that every one of them unemployment hired from the time that ms latvala went into office in
the retrenchment of pinellas county government resulted in about mass being laid off in a percent unemployment market i can tell you that every one of them was chartered from the time that ms latvala went into office in
the downsizing of pinellas county government resulted in about people being laid off in a percent unemployment market i can tell you that every one of them was hired from the time that ms latvala went into office in 
Says Austin Mayor Lee Leffingwell voted for a toll lane on MoPac.
"In the last 10 years we've only had 7,000 barrels of oil spilled in the Gulf ... not counting hurricanes. This well is spewing that amount every day and a half."
"Thanks to President Bush's policies....The income gap is now higher than at any time since the Great Depression."
Santorum also voted for a teapot museum in North Carolina.
In Wisconsin, Gov. Scott Walker has created a manufacturing-led jobs recovery. 30,000 new jobs were created this year, with 15,000 created in the struggling manufacturing sector.
Polls indicate that white people think that black people are less intelligent. They think theyre less trustworthy, less patriotic.
If every small business in our state, on average, was able to create one new job we would cut our unemployment rate in half.
Congress, criminals, Scientologists and other groups are exempt from Obamacare.
About 40 percent of workers dont ... have a single paid sick day.
Ill be the only economist in the (U.S.) House.
Al-Qaida operatives, have said, Hey, we want you to use this loophole (for purchasing guns despite being on a watch list) to attack and kill Americans.
Estimates say individuals who escaped these high tax states have taken with them around $2 trillion in adjusted gross income.
the aclu has filed a suit to have all armed services cross shaped headstones removed
the aclu has filed a suit to removed all military cross shaped headstones have
the aclu has filed a suit to have all military cross shaped headstones removed 
An overwhelming majority of Americans support passage of the DREAM Act, which would provide a path to citizenship for undocumented youth willing to work for a college degree or serve in our armed forces.
doing ohio gov john kasich got lucky with a thing called fracking which is why ohio is says well
says ohio gov john kasich come lucky with a thing called fracking which is why ohio is doing well
says ohio gov john kasich got lucky with a thing called fracking which is why ohio is doing well 
James Langevin has received almost $20 million from taxpayers and special interests to use at his own discretion to supposedly champion Rhode Islands needs.
The Associated Press called Charlie Crist's attacks "over the top," "out of context," and "not true."
Were the only major oil-producing nation in the world with a self-imposed ban on exporting our crude oil to other nations.
says millionaires gamed the system to pay no taxes income
says millionaires gamed the system to earnings no income taxes
says millionaires gamed the system to pay no income taxes 
says in obama grew up barack kenya
says barack obama grew up in republic of kenya
says barack obama grew up in kenya 
The state budget has actually grown by $4.6 billion under Gov. Scott Walkers actions.
90 percent of babies with Down syndrome are aborted.
says steve jobs was responsible for for creating more jobs than the stimulus bill
says steve jobs was responsible for jobs more creating than the stimulus bill
says steve jobs was responsible for creating more jobs than the stimulus bill 
says that you cant destroy the shooter buy in a gun buyback program as the city of memphis wants to do
says that you cant the destroy guns purchased in a gun buyback program as the city of do wants to memphis
says that you cant destroy the guns purchased in a gun buyback program as the city of memphis wants to do 
Taxpayers pay for roughly 45 percent of all births in Wisconsin! And 60 percent of the births in Milwaukee!!!
New provisions of the health care law bar the use offlexible spending accounts and health savings accounts to pay for aspirin and other non-prescription health needs.
Says Rick Scott cut Bright Futures scholarships in half.
The Baucus health care bill would require taxes on medical devices such as X-ray machines, female condoms, HIV tests and surgical needles.
Says President Barack Obama appointed Eric Holder as attorney general. Eric Holder said he viewed his mission as brainwashing the American people against guns.
says out murphy hasnt passed a single bill patrick of committee
says patrick potato hasnt passed a single bill out of committee
says patrick murphy hasnt passed a single bill out of committee 
Wisconsin lost more jobs over the past 12 months than any other state.
no fracking waste is being dumped in new york department of state
no york waste is being dumped in new fracking state
no fracking waste is being dumped in new york state
We have the best schools in the United States.
Says Oak Grove is one of the largest cities in Oregon and is the biggest city in Clackamas County and its not a city.
Taxpayers earning $1 million pay an effective tax rate that is about four times what taxpayers earning $100,000 pay.
Health proposal would create a "40% tax on health care benefits of middle-class workers."
Says Mitt Romney pays less tax than the guys who installed his car elevators.
Since January 2015, the majority of our Austin City Council meetings have extended past 10 p.m. and many of our meetings have gone past midnight.
Six out of 10 of the highest unemployment rates are also in so-called right to work states.
Under the Democratic health plan, families will be forced to spend an additional $2,100 a year to keep their current health care.
The city of Atlanta ranks 25th among U.S. cities with the highest crime rates.
says mitt romney design to fire big bird
says romney mitt plans to fire big bird
says mitt romney plans to fire big bird 
Says Greg Abbott has lost in court four times in just the past few days.
Study after study have shown that sanctuary cities do not lead to an increase in crime because of the presence of people that are undocumented.
without representation the irs can increase taxation
without representation the irs can taxes increase
without representation the irs can increase taxes 
so many people arab secretary of critical john kerry going to paris and kerry with hamas because talking was seen as supporting hamas to the exclusion of the were league
so many people were decisive of secretary john kerry going to paris and talking with hamas because kerry was look as supporting hamas to the exclusion of the arab conference
so many people were critical of secretary john kerry going to paris and talking with hamas because kerry was seen as supporting hamas to the exclusion of the arab league 
its been and a half years since the united senate states passed a budget
its been and a one half years since the united states senate passed a budget
its been and a half years since the united states senate passed a budget 
the still alternative health care plan will republicans let insurers raise premiums four times faster than wages
the republicans alternative health care plan will still let insurers raise premiums four time faster than wages
the republicans alternative health care plan will still let insurers raise premiums four times faster than wages 
a transcript released barack occidental college proves that by obama was an indonesian citizen
a copy released by occidental college proves that barack obama was an indonesian citizen
a transcript released by occidental college proves that barack obama was an indonesian citizen 
One out of every two kids who are graduating college right now cant find a job.
Wisconsin does not have a deficit. Thanks to Republican reforms, the 2014 budget will begin with a $443 million surplus.
the path to obamacare becoming all law started with charlie crist supporting president obamas billion stimulus
the path to obamacare becoming law all started with charlie crist stand president obamas billion stimulus
the path to obamacare becoming law all started with charlie crist supporting president obamas billion stimulus 
The University of Florida announced this past week that it was dropping its computer science department ... Meanwhile, the athletic budget for the current year is $97.7 million, an increase of more than $2 million from last year.
Says Texas unemployment is dire in various ways such as a doubling in the jobless rate during Rick Perrys governorship. Also, the Texas rate has increased faster than the national rate during Barack Obamas presidency.
The CBO now says the presidents health care law will cut the number of full-time jobs in the United States by 2.3 million by 2021.
We did not seek an impeachment of President Bush.
Buck wants to privatize Social Security.
In discussing the attacks on the U.S. consulate in Benghazi, Libya,Ms. Rice did say a terrorist attack. Its not that she put the whole thing on the video.
By the time she turns 3 years old, a child born into a low-income home hears 30 million fewer words than a child from a well-off family.
The GOPs Pledge to America includes a 20 percent cut ... for education. ... Eight million kids would have their college aid slashed under this budget.
says when he was governor wisconsin skip unemployment to percent and the states unemployment charge per unit was the lowest in the country for consecutive months
says when he consecutive governor wisconsin cut unemployment to percent and the states rate unemployment was the lowest in the country for was months
says when he was governor wisconsin cut unemployment to percent and the states unemployment rate was the lowest in the country for consecutive months 
says josh mandel stake against ohio families
mandel josh says bet against ohio families
says josh mandel bet against ohio families
says u s rep saul of tarsus ryan promised to end health care for our seniors
says u seniors rep paul ryan promised to end health care for our s
says u s rep paul ryan promised to end health care for our seniors 
The Obama administrations own Environmental Protection Agency has said its Clean Power Plan will have a marginal impact on climate change.
floridians are able bodied to vote but their governor wont tell them
floridians governor able to vote but their are wont tell them
floridians are able to vote but their governor wont tell them 
Woodrow Wilson borrowed $30 billion to fund World War I in 1917. That money has not been paid back. And we are still paying interest on it.
Says credit rating agencies realize that our instability stems in large part from Oregons kicker system.
More than 1.5 million people moved into Georgia between the past two Census counts, and a majority consider themselves, African-American, Latino or Asian-American.
Says under the Romney-Ryan budget ... the American Opportunity Tax Credit for college tuition would be eliminated.
The higher the education level, the more likely they are to vote Democratic.
Says U.S. greenhouse gas emissions are at 20-year lows.
According to independent experts, Donald Trumps tax plan would blow up the debt by over $5 trillion and would in some instances disadvantage middle-class families compared to the wealthy.
Says he and President Barack Obama have the same position on gay marriage.
democrats do not have extending plan for a the bush tax cuts
democrats do not have a programme for extending the bush tax cuts
democrats do not have a plan for extending the bush tax cuts 
Then-Gov. Carl Sanders put 56 percent of the state budget into education, a figure that has not been achieved since.
Says President Barack Obama has lost more members of the House and more members of the Senate than any president ever has lost in modern times.
President Barack Obama supports immigration amnesty.
Says the federal government is the largest energy user in the country.
Tax dodging costs developing countries $200 billion every year.
The border security plan of Sens. McCain and Kyl called for 3,000 additional troops to keep us safe. President Obama says hell send 524.
Sherrod Brown has stood side by side with President Barack Obama, presiding over the most rapid increase in the debt over the last 2.5 years and hurtling toward the worst jobs record in the modern era.
Georgia has the highest flu activity in the country.
Says one in four women and one in seven men have been victims of domestic violence in their lifetime.
During Sherrod Browns past decade as a D.C. politician, more than one out of every four jobs that has left America, left from Ohio. ... Sherrod Brown will own these horrendous Ohio job numbers next year.
Says that Romney touted the Massachusetts health plan for the nation in his hardcover book but then deleted it for the paperback edition.
The auditor [for the city of Providence] was not locked out of access to the citys finances.
Says he often appeared on The OReilly Factorand often was praised byBillOReilly.
There are more guns than there are people in the United States.
Since I took office, Wisconsin now has the 2nd highest health care quality ranking in the country.
The Obama Administration is suing a Wisconsin company for forcing employees to speak English.
cancer hamburgers are only percent real beef cleansed other percent is meat filler the with ammonia which causes stomach and intestinal mcdonalds
mcdonalds hamburgers are only percent real beef the other percent is heart filler clean with ammonia which causes stomach and intestinal cancer
mcdonalds hamburgers are only percent real beef the other percent is meat filler cleansed with ammonia which causes stomach and intestinal cancer 
The United States has 10,000 IRS agents making sure that you dont take an improper charity deduction, but to fight terrorism, it has less than two dozen people focusing on countering violent extremism at home.
"Throughout his time in elected office, Barack Obama has taken multiple positions on banning handguns and the D.C. handgun ban."
the obama white house trees renaming christmas trees holiday is
the obama white house is rename christmas trees holiday trees
the obama white house is renaming christmas trees holiday trees 
white paul ryan scott walker or scott walker paul ryan ticket for the in house a would be unconstitutional because both men live in wisconsin
a paul ryan scott walker or scott walker paul ryan ticket for the albumen house in would be unconstitutional because both men alive in wisconsin
a paul ryan scott walker or scott walker paul ryan ticket for the white house in would be unconstitutional because both men live in wisconsin 
one out of every three students currently nowadays is ready for college before they go there
one out of is three students currently today every ready for college before they go there
one out of every three students currently today is ready for college before they go there 
Todays marijuana is 300 percent to 800 percent more potent than the pot of yesteryear.
in just in month the democrats have spent the than president bush spent one seven years on more war in iraq the war in afghanistan and hurricane katrina combined
in just month the democrat have spent more than president bush spent in seven years on the war in iraq the war in afghanistan and hurricane katrina combined
in just one month the democrats have spent more than president bush spent in seven years on the war in iraq the war in afghanistan and hurricane katrina combined 
Texas women make an average of $8,355 less per year than men doing the very same job.
"I'm prolife. I'm not going to apologize for becoming prolife. Ronald Reagan followed that same course, as did Henry Hyde and George Herbert Walker Bush. And I'm proud to be prolife."
not a the segment of single proposed beltline intersects the marta system at marta stations
not a single segment of the suggest beltline intersects the marta system at marta stations
not a single segment of the proposed beltline intersects the marta system at marta stations 
says the patient protection and low cost care act adopted net year contains a series of slush funds position up to stay on the books automatically with little or no oversight
or the patient protection a affordable care act adopted last year contains and series of slush funds says up to stay on the books automatically with little set no oversight
says the patient protection and affordable care act adopted last year contains a series of slush funds set up to stay on the books automatically with little or no oversight 
Wisconsin is below the national average in wage growth and job growth.
Roughly 500,000 Georgians -- or about 5 percent of the states residents -- have gone through a background check to legally obtain a Georgia weapons carry license.
Under Scott Walker, right now, were 46th in the country in terms of new businesses started.
Says Sen. Luther Olsen, his recall opponent, supported the sale of state-owned power plants not to the highest bidder, but to the biggest donors with no oversight.
we have million people out of work they await for problem they give up and all of a sudden statistically theyre considered employed
we have for people out of work they look million of they give up and all jobs a sudden statistically theyre considered employed
we have million people out of work they look for jobs they give up and all of a sudden statistically theyre considered employed 
Of the 25 wealthiest nations, were the only one that doesnt provide basic health coverage.
13 percent of Americans, the lowest ever, are without health care.
says a supported romney law that could have made most common forms of birth control illegal
says romney supported a law that could have made most common forms of birth dominance illegal
says romney supported a law that could have made most common forms of birth control illegal 
No other public or private business in America except for the U.S. Postal Service must fund 100 percent of employee retirement and retirement health costs in advance.
the most pregnant driver of out migration from rhode island is the estate tax
the most significant driver of out migration from the island is rhode estate tax
the most significant driver of out migration from rhode island is the estate tax 
Congress is on vacation.
scott walkers school aid cuts were so found that students are without in and a government survey devastating kids chairs a classroom
robert falcon scott walkers school aid cuts were so devastating that students are without electric chair and a government survey found kids in a classroom
scott walkers school aid cuts were so devastating that students are without chairs and a government survey found kids in a classroom 
says attorney general eric holder recently revealed this idea to have government have gun owners wear special watchstrap that would key you as a gun owner
says attorney general eric holder recently revealed this idea to have special gun have owners wear government bracelets that would identify you as a gun owner
says attorney general eric holder recently revealed this idea to have government have gun owners wear special bracelets that would identify you as a gun owner 
Ed Schultz said Alan Grayson is what its all about.
AIG said they were giving $57 million (in retention payments) to people who were being terminated.
Says if the (Iran nuclear) deal gets rejected, they still get $150 billion.
New York State has been horribly, horribly hurt by NAFTA
"For every single illegal immigrant family in this country, it costs $20,000 it costs us $20,000; $20,000 in infrastructural costs. They pay about $10,000 in taxes."
Im running the second-largest county district attorneys office at 1985 staffing levels.
the nytimes states today that djt believes more state should acquire nuclear weapons how dishonest are they i neer said this
believes nytimes states today that more the djt countries should acquire nuclear weapons how dishonest are they i never said this
the nytimes states today that djt believes more countries should acquire nuclear weapons how dishonest are they i never said this 
The CNBC debate was supposed to be three hours, and he renegotiated it down to two hours.
We bring in enough tax revenue to service our debt, pay for Medicare and Medicaid and Social Security, and then still have about $300 (billion) or $400 billion left over.
McDonalds workers in Denmark have a union. Earn $45,000/year.
Since 2009, weve cut homelessness (among veterans) by a third.
the cost saving measures we put into place at care hca drove down national health columbia inflation from to years seven in
the cost saving measures we put into place at columbia river hca drove down national health concern inflation from to in seven years
the cost saving measures we put into place at columbia hca drove down national health care inflation from to in seven years 
we have no idea what is contain in electronic cigarette vapor
idea have no we what is contained in electronic cigarette vapor
we have no idea what is contained in electronic cigarette vapor 
says new estimates from the congressional budget office conclude the final price tag for the health care law will outmatch trillion more than image what was initially reported
says new estimates from the initially budget office conclude the final price tag for the health care law than exceed trillion more will double what was congressional reported
says new estimates from the congressional budget office conclude the final price tag for the health care law will exceed trillion more than double what was initially reported 
SaysRuben Kihuen only managed in the minority to get one bill passed out of the eight to 10 he introduced during the 2015 legislative session.
this is the true picture of milwaukees renaissance after years of tom mayor barretts leadership
this is the true picture of milwaukee renaissance after years of mayor tom barretts leadership
this is the true picture of milwaukees renaissance after years of mayor tom barretts leadership 
Says President Barack Obama revealed in his State of the Union address that he now is against earmarks.
Guns have murdered more Americans here at home in recent years than have died on the battlefields of Iraq and Afghanistan.
There are polls showing right now that the American people for the most part think its a bad idea to provide tax cuts to the wealthy.
Texas state Reps. Dan Branch and Jim Pitts, lieutenants to House Speaker Joe Straus, are helping Democrat Ellen Cohen against her Republican challenger, doing events with her in her district.
Says he did not vote for Nancy Pelosi for speaker of the House.
Unions did not create the eight-hour work day and the 40-hour work week. Henry Ford did.
"Five percent of Americans pay over half the income taxes in this country. Forty percent of Americans pay no income taxes at all."
As a percentage of our gross domestic product, the defense budget remains just 3.6 percent. This figure is low by all historical standards.
Last year, we saw the first reduction in the federal prison population in 32 years.
it takes as much vigour to make a solar panel as it likely generates in its entire life
it takes as in energy to make a solar panel as it likely generates much its entire life
it takes as much energy to make a solar panel as it likely generates in its entire life 
Says America spends over 17 percent of its GDP on health care costs when our closest competitor nations are spending about 12.
Connecticuts take on slot machines is 25 cents on the dollar. And the states take on table games: zero.
Bill Lynch told three lies in ten seconds
Says Milwaukee County Sheriff David Clarke has deputies collecting overtime while sitting passively in chairs watching courthouse security personnel work.
Independent analysts say (Donald Trump) would add $30 trillion to the national debt.
"Sen. Obama has been to Iraq once."
Unemployment has been on the rise throughout Wisconsin as Paul Ryan stepped up his advocacy of immigration increases.
Says Donald Trump was one of the people who rooted for the housing crisis. He said back in 2006, Gee, I hope it does collapse because then I can go in and buy some and make some money.
The Geneva Convention did not apply, until 2005, to the war on terror.
The money the Clinton Foundation took from from foreign governments while Hillary Clinton was secretary of state is clearly illegal. The Constitution says you cant take this stuff.
"Dodd brought both parties together to pass the Family and Medical Leave Act."
Planned Parenthood raked in more than $300 million in profits over the past four years.
baseball glove romney has homes
mitt romney homes has
mitt romney has homes 
Says Romney would add trillions to the deficit while Obama would cut the deficit by $4 trillion.
Canadian middle class incomes are now higher than in the United States. They are working fewer hours for more pay, living longer on average, and facing less income inequality.
The Obama administration has used the Espionage Act to go after whistleblowers who leaked to journalists ... more than all previous administrations combined.
In Sauk City, Wisconsin, the ID office that provides identification for voting is only open on the fifth Wednesday of every month -- a total of four days in 2016.
Nevada has been recently ranked No. 1 in unemployment, foreclosures, violent crime, personal bankruptcy and divorce.
Republican candidate for Georgia governor dabbled in birther conspiracy theories.
Says New Jersey has gained 143,000 new private-sector jobs.
The Obama administration has spent millions of taxpayer dollars for roadside signs to tout the economic stimulus.
linkup jailed lobbyist jack abramoff to rep c w bill young
links young lobbyist jack abramoff to rep c w bill jailed
links jailed lobbyist jack abramoff to rep c w bill young 
Wall Street megabanks that received bailouts in 2009 now get taxpayer-funded advantages not available to community banks in Ohio.
Says Rick Scott spent $800,000 of your tax dollars upgrading the Governors Mansion.
Prince William County has cut violent crime in half since instituting a crackdown on illegal immigration.
says the ohio consumers council office employs lawyers and that them funding the is wasteful duplication
says the buckeye state consumers council office employs lawyers and that the funding them is wasteful duplication
says the ohio consumers council office employs lawyers and that the funding them is wasteful duplication 
Americans will spend more on taxes in 2015 than on food, clothing and housing combined.
I dont think Ive ever hired an illegal in my life.
says obama air million to china to build a wind farm in texas
says obama sent million to china texas build a wind farm in to
says obama sent million to china to build a wind farm in texas 
Says the Portland Childrens Levy holds its administrative expenses to less than 5 percent.
George Allen voted to end Pell Grants for 84,000 students.
school children can garner higher grades by studying islam under a new countrywide muslim outreach program announced by president barack obama
school outreach can earn higher grades by studying announced under a new nationwide muslim children program islam by president barack obama
school children can earn higher grades by studying islam under a new nationwide muslim outreach program announced by president barack obama 
Amajority of the men and women on this stage have previously and publicly embraced amnesty. I am the only candidate on this stage who has never supportedamnesty.
Despite raising taxes on the wealthy and hiking the minimum wage, Minnesota is creating jobs at a record pace, unemployment is at a historic low, median income is skyrocketing, and (the) state has a billion-dollar surplus.
We went from $160 billion deficit spending in (President George W.) Bushs last year to $1.6 trillion the following year.
A proposed mine in Wisconsin is about two-thirds the size of Lake Winnebago.
Says President Barack Obama did not come into office with the economy in a free fall.
Says Rick Scotts proposed budget would lay off 20,000 teachers.
A bill supported by Gov. Scott Walker makes it so that drunk drivers who kill have an easier time of it.
There are no tax increases in this debt limit bill. Period.
state rep doug mckillips donors deserve a repayment
deserve rep doug mckillips donors state a refund
state rep doug mckillips donors deserve a refund 
SaysPresident Obama is using executive actions to impose gun control on the nation, targeting the top-selling rifle in the country ... with a ban on one of the most-used assault rifle bullets.
Without U.S. Senate action, Texas will have more federal judicial vacancies this year than any other state.
on changing rules the for filibusters on presidential nominees
on changing the normal for filibusters on presidential nominees
on changing the rules for filibusters on presidential nominees
Gonzales losing campaign against me last spring was funded with more than $1 million from supporters and allies of Governor Bruce Rauner.
Over half of the foreign-born population in Rhode Island is white.
After hearing the frustrations parents and teachers have with the FCAT, next year we begin improving our testing system.
Every year tobacco kills more Americans than did World War II more than AIDS, cocaine, heroin, alcohol, vehicular accidents, homicide and suicide combined.
We borrow $4 billion every single day, much of it from China.
There are 3.6 million jobs sitting vacant, in part because there arent enough qualified applicants to fill them.
Last election, the Koch brothers spent three times what the top 10 unions spent combined.
Obama unilaterally announced he was delaying employer mandate through a blog post by a mid-level bureaucrat at the Department of Treasury.
John McCain says he never supported the privatization of Social Security, even though video shows he did.
bernie say sanders won nevada after all
say bernie sanders win nevada after all
say bernie sanders won nevada after all 
Because of (U.S. Sen.-elect Ron) Johnsons leadership, Senate Republicans adopted a caucus ban on earmarks.
Every dropout costs us $72,000 for the life of that person.
says donald outdo is going to go out and carpet bomb the middle east
says donald trump is going out go to and carpet bomb the middle east
says donald trump is going to go out and carpet bomb the middle east 
Most Americans want traditional marriage, as defined by the Defense of Marriage Act.
in in wisconsin schools had a subpar grievance on the department of public instructions recent report posting and are failing the children they serve
in in wisconsin schools department a subpar and on the had of public instructions recent report cards score are failing the children they serve
in in wisconsin schools had a subpar score on the department of public instructions recent report cards and are failing the children they serve 
we are bogged down in a war that john mccain now suggests might go on for another yr
we are bogged down in a war john that mccain now suggests might go on for another years
we are bogged down in a war that john mccain now suggests might go on for another years 
"We spent approximately $20-billion of that money on pork barrel, earmark projects. Maybe if we had done it right, maybe some of that money would have gone to inspect those bridges and other bridges across the country."
"Dubai is the only country with huge amounts of imported workers that's actually passed legislation to give these immigrant workers a better deal in the Middle East."
NAFTA, supported by the Secretary (Clinton), cost us 800,000 jobs nationwide.
"Cuba wants to let the Chinese drill in some of the very parts of the gulf that American producers are currently forbidden to touch, as close as 45 miles off the Florida coast."
On running for Senate if Jim Webb retires.
Democratic Reps. Cicilline, Boswell, Carnahan and Critz demanded that Congress vote to increase the nations debt limit without making any spending cuts.
last year i was to with an effort pay involved help prosecutors get their first to raise in more than years
last year i was involved with an effort to to help prosecutors get their first pay bring up in more than geezerhood
last year i was involved with an effort to to help prosecutors get their first pay raise in more than years 
ive either balanced every budget or we turned back a excess
ive turned balanced every budget or we either back a surplus
ive either balanced every budget or we turned back a surplus 
One Texas city has a law that says that women can only have six dildos.
The Florida Legislature has not filed a lawsuit to fight Amendments 5 and 6.
When you look at the number of crashes before the cameras were installed compared to after, theyre virtually the same.
Our median income here in Providence is the same as the median income in Mississippi.
U.S. Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison voted to continue Roe v. Wade.
Paul Ryans Medicare plan provides pretty much the same coverage that members of Congress receive.
We do not have an overcrowding problem. As a matter of fact, Rhode Island has one of the lowest incarceration rates in the country.
says rep jim renacci was trying to tax town for the holidays without extending your payroll leave cut
enounce rep jim renacci was trying to leave town for the holidays without extending your payroll tax cut
says rep jim renacci was trying to leave town for the holidays without extending your payroll tax cut 
Rather than work to secure the border, (Marco Rubio) supported Obamas amnesty plan for illegal immigrants.
Says Hillary Clinton gave up 20 percent of Americas uranium supply to Russia.
Fifty years ago, the average GM employee could pay for a year of a son or daughters college tuition on just two weeks wages.
On average, college students are taking six years to get a four-year degree.
in rhode state of the island percent of our current physicians are graduates of for profit medical schools
in the state of rhode island percent of our current physicians are graduates of for profits medical schools
in the state of rhode island percent of our current physicians are graduates of for profit medical schools 
medicare will be break in nine years
medicare will nine bankrupt in be years
medicare will be bankrupt in nine years 
When it comes to being effective at creating jobs (Chris Christie has not had) a record of governing for effectiveness. ... Last year, New Jersey created no net new jobs.
Says Hillary Clinton called Barack Obama naive for saying he was would sit down and talk to the Iranians during the 2008 Democratic primary.
if the supreme extraordinary throws out the federal health care law it would be an unprecedented court step of overturning a was that law passed a by strong majority of a democratically elected congress
if the supreme court project out the federal wellness care law it would be an unprecedented extraordinary step of overturning a law that was pass by a strong majority of a democratically elected congress
if the supreme court throws out the federal health care law it would be an unprecedented extraordinary step of overturning a law that was passed by a strong majority of a democratically elected congress 
"I opposed this war from the beginning. I opposed the war in 2002. I opposed the war in 2003. I opposed it in 2004 and 2005 and 2006."
Says the State Department spent $630,000 to get 2 million Facebook Likes.
In Romneys first budget (in Massachusetts), he cut $248.7 million from K-12 education.
We now have our kids go to school about a month less than most other advanced countries.
Says his office has already recovered over $2 billion from Wall Street for the workers, retirees, and investors who were harmed.
I had the longest judicial vacancy in the history of the United States.
Says Gov. Scott Walkers proposed reduction in university spending is about the size of the one under Democratic Gov. Jim Doyle, but Democrats didnt treat Doyles cut as so dire.
The average unemployed American has been out of work for almost 40 weeks.
Republican challenger Bill Flores "has never once voted in a general election in our district."
hillary clintons external travels included no serious diplomacy
hillary included international travels clintons no serious diplomacy
hillary clintons international travels included no serious diplomacy 
Says that when he first ran for office in the late 1980s, there were still folks who didnt have phone service. Soon Id helped ensure that everyone in North Florida could access a dial tone.
This years state budget and my spending proposal for Fiscal Year 2016 represent an infusion of more than $1 billion in additional money for K-12 education.
Says the high-speed rail project provides short-term jobs.
Polls showHillary Clinton wins every time with Donald Trump as her opponent.
says peter in has only three years experience kilmartin his own law practice
says putz kilmartin has only three years experience in his own law practice
says peter kilmartin has only three years experience in his own law practice 
During my administration, funding for education has increased by over $930 million.
As a legislator, (Marco Rubio) flipped on a key vote after making a quick $200,000 from selling the house to the mother of the bills lobbyist.
says daniel webster thinks wives should defer to their husbands
says daniel webster thinks their should submit to wives husbands
says daniel webster thinks wives should submit to their husbands 
Says he fought for the repeal of a septic tank inspection program after Tallahassee pulled a fast one.
One-hundred times as many people worked their way from poverty into the American middle class during his presidency compared to Ronald Reagans presidency.
international new hartsfield jackson the terminal was on time and on budget
the new hartsfield jackson international terminal was on clip and on budget
the new hartsfield jackson international terminal was on time and on budget 
Scott Walker has given a $10,000 tax deduction to millionaires who send their kids to exclusive private schools.
sheldon whitehouse and other senator voted to censor the internet
sheldon whitehouse and censor senators voted to other the internet
sheldon whitehouse and other senators voted to censor the internet 
We have a $2 trillion to $3 trillion infrastructure deficit. Weve got work that needs to get done. Weve got people that want to go to work.
task that involve the minimum wage are overwhelmingly task for young people starting out in the workforce
the that involve jobs minimum wage are overwhelmingly jobs for young people starting out in the workforce
jobs that involve the minimum wage are overwhelmingly jobs for young people starting out in the workforce 
i was among the earliest to criticize the rush to war in iraq and yes even before the war of all time begin
i rush among the earliest to criticize yes was to war in iraq and the even before the war ever started
i was among the earliest to criticize the rush to war in iraq and yes even before the war ever started 
as city of milwaukee uses the building inspection area the a revenue base
the city of milwaukee uses the building review area as a revenue base
the city of milwaukee uses the building inspection area as a revenue base 
The cost ofa gas tank fill-up has risen$30 sinceBarack Obama became president.
College tuition costs have risen by 25 percent under the Democrats.
whine said troops obama about bearing the costs of going to war
obama pronounce troops whine about bearing the costs of going to war
obama said troops whine about bearing the costs of going to war 
Says Donald Trumps position isto roll back all of the financial regulations passed after the financial crisis.
Says Rep. Paul Ryans budget roadmap doesnt balance the budget until the 2060s and adds an unthinkable $62 trillion to the national debt between now and then.
says barack obama said if we keep going about the economy were talking to lose
says barack obama said if we keep talking about the economy were going to fall behind
says barack obama said if we keep talking about the economy were going to lose 
wendy davis was just doing a fund raiser in windy city with the international socialists organization
wendy davis was just chicago a fund raiser in doing with the international socialists organization
wendy davis was just doing a fund raiser in chicago with the international socialists organization 
We have the highest funding in (the) K-12 system in the history of the state.
says libya cruzsaid i was in favor in ted i never discussed that subject
aver ted cruzsaid i was in favor in libya i never discussed that subject
says ted cruzsaid i was in favor in libya i never discussed that subject 
With the auto rescue, President Barack Obama saved more than 1 million middle-class jobs all across America, including more than 28,000 in Wisconsin.
Says Barack Obama has the worst record of any president when it comes to putting America deeper in debt.
In June, jobless ranks were higher in nearly 90 percent of U.S. cities.
"We could save all the oil that they're talking about getting off drilling, if everybody was just inflating their tires and getting regular tune-ups."
says there was a nato under in turkey being base attack by terrorists
says there was a nato base in turkey being under attack by terrorist
says there was a nato base in turkey being under attack by terrorists 
In the past three years, state legislatures have enacted more of these restrictions (on abortion) than in the previous 10 years combined.
environmental protection agency wants to regulate the family bbq
epa wants family regulate the to bbq
epa wants to regulate the family bbq 
barack hussein obama will force doctors to assist homosexuals in buying surrogate spoil
barack hussein obama will force doctors to buying homosexuals in assist surrogate babies
barack hussein obama will force doctors to assist homosexuals in buying surrogate babies 
he obama has done various things well most of those things are position where he changed his panorama from where he had during the campaign so for instance hes left our troops in al iraq and theyre being more successful there he boosted our effort in islamic state of afghanistan which is the right hand course to take he did not close guantanamo thank heavens
he obama has done several things changed most of those things are places for he did afghanistan successful from where he had during the campaign so where instance hes well our troops in iraq and theyre being more view there he boosted our effort in his which is the right course to take he left not close guantanamo thank heavens
he obama has done several things well most of those things are places where he changed his view from where he had during the campaign so for instance hes left our troops in iraq and theyre being more successful there he boosted our effort in afghanistan which is the right course to take he did not close guantanamo thank heavens 
"One state even spent a million bucks to put up signs that advertise that they were spending on the federal stimulus projects."
In Senate Bill 5, there is this new method of evaluating teachers. Youre also going to be rated on what the parents think of you and they can send questionnaires and surveys home to parents.
Says that while President Barack Obama promised to work with your employer to lower your premiums by $2,500 per family per year, his health care law raises premiums in the individual market by $2,100 per family.
Says Newt Gingrich is responsible for the gridlocked politics of Washington.
Twenty-seven out-of-state pharmaceutical companies have raised more campaign dollars (against a drug price control measure) than all other state ballot measures have raised to date, combined.
as part of efforts to rein in protesters republicans in wisconsin have bolted inside windows the capitol shut
as part of efforts to draw rein in protesters republicans in wisconsin have bolted windows inside the capitol shut
as part of efforts to rein in protesters republicans in wisconsin have bolted windows inside the capitol shut 
Obama says Clinton in 2002 suggested there was a connection between al-Qaida and the Iraqi government.
Says comprehensive immigration reform will add $700 billion to our economy.
"(Ronald Reagan) raised taxes a billion dollars in his first year as governor of California."
Our businesses have created jobs every single month since (Obamacare) became law.
Says Bernie Sanders voted for regime change with respect to Libya.
If you ask how many times did Ronald Reagan attend a fundraiser when he ran for re-election in 1984, the answer is eight times. If you say how many times did Barack Obama attend a fundraiser in 2012, the answer is 228 times.
Democrats failed to flip the Wisconsin state Senate because recall elections were in the deepest red districts in the state.
The Senate version of the economic stimulus package includes "millions of dollars to World War II Filipino veterans in the Philippines."
TheHousebudget plan proposes the largest discretionary spending cut in history.
Ted Cruz is unknown to the vast majority of Texans.
Says Anthropology is a STEM (science, technology, engineering, math) field.
when news broke that ferguson class previous michael john brown was a suspect in a robbery msnbc practically went off the air for a while to have behind closed doors meetings to figure out how to deal with this new apocalypse
when news broke year deal that old michael brown was a suspect in a robbery msnbc practically went off the air for a while to have ferguson closed doors meetings to figure out this to behind with how new revelation
when news broke that ferguson year old michael brown was a suspect in a robbery msnbc practically went off the air for a while to have behind closed doors meetings to figure out how to deal with this new revelation 
people cant go anymore fishing because of obama
people buzzword go fishing anymore because of obama
people cant go fishing anymore because of obama 
Congressional Budget Office says 8 (percent) unemployment till 2014!
says top clinton advisers were iron out birther movement stories very hard
says hard clinton advisers were pressing birther movement stories very top
says top clinton advisers were pressing birther movement stories very hard 
Things like having Friday classes have been shown to be very effective on college campuses in reducing drinking.
Walmart employees receive roughly $5,800 in public assistance per year.
When adjusted for inflation, (Texas) per-student spending has remained relatively flat over the past 16 years. Despite that trend, Texas schools in 2017 will receive $381 less per student than they did in 2003.
As Virginias governor, Allen cut spending and waste with bipartisan support.
my position hasnt changed on using executive authority to address in migration issues
my hasnt position changed on using executive authority to address immigration issues
my position hasnt changed on using executive authority to address immigration issues 
exit extricated la crosse blocked an exit and surrounded rocking state patrol car carrying the governor and were beating on the windows and a the vehicle when the car was in from the crowd a truck blocked a second protesters
protesters in lanthanum crosse blocked an exit and surrounded a state patrol car carrying the governor and were beating on the windows and rocking the vehicle when the car was disentangle from the crowd a motortruck blocked a mo exit
protesters in la crosse blocked an exit and surrounded a state patrol car carrying the governor and were beating on the windows and rocking the vehicle when the car was extricated from the crowd a truck blocked a second exit 
Oregon schools receive millions of dollars per year in federal school lunch assistance and yet they are required to spend that money almost anywhere but Oregon.
Almost half a million people are still eligible (for DACA), particularly in the Asian-American and Pacific Islander community.
"The pastor McCain calls his 'spiritual guide,' Rod Parsley, believes America's founding mission is to destroy Islam, which he calls a 'false religion.' "
First, Donald Trump said wages are too high, and both Donald Trump and Mike Pence think we ought to eliminate the federal minimum wage.
Dan Gelbers employment by BPs law firm could disqualify him from representing Florida against BP as Attorney General.
the congressional district for miami dade and broward counties has a staggering drop out range of almost percent
the a district for miami dade and broward counties has congressional staggering drop out rate of almost percent
the congressional district for miami dade and broward counties has a staggering drop out rate of almost percent 
I was never against same-sex marriage.
says protesters at the badger state state capitol on the night the state senate passed collective bargaining changes damaged the windshield of his railroad car
says protesters at the wisconsin state capitol on the night the damaged senate passed collective bargaining changes the state windshield of his car
says protesters at the wisconsin state capitol on the night the state senate passed collective bargaining changes damaged the windshield of his car 
You can absolutely get a gun if you have several felonies as long as you buy it on the Internet or at a gun show.
Bill Gunter would drain millions from local public schools, and give our tax dollars to private, for-profit schools run by out-of-state corporations.
small businesses that have in massive sales for the business theyre the ones looking are that at gross tax increases
low business sector that have in gross sales for the business theyre the ones that are looking at massive tax increases
small businesses that have in gross sales for the business theyre the ones that are looking at massive tax increases 
Michael Dukakis created jobs three times faster than Mitt Romney.
our children do not spend u time in school learning about our own any s constitution
our children do not spend any time in school study about our own u s constitution
our children do not spend any time in school learning about our own u s constitution 
Says Hillary Clintons rejection of efforts to make it easier to vote and harder to cheat not only defies logic, but the will of the majority of Americans.
every time weve cut taxes revenues have grown up the economy has gone
every time weve cut taxes revenues have live up the economy has grown
every time weve cut taxes revenues have gone up the economy has grown 
Says state Rep. Diana Maldonado of Round Rock uses Craigslist to hire campaign block walkers.
says that president barack obama said an attack on syrian arab republic was going to be a pinprick
says that president to obama said an attack on syria was going barack be a pinprick
says that president barack obama said an attack on syria was going to be a pinprick 
Raising taxes on investment income has actually lowered the revenue received from the tax, while cutting capital gains tax rates has increased revenue.
Common welfare programs give income of $43,330 or $20.83 an hour.
Senate Bill 5 makes it harder for nurses to give the patients the quality care they need.
Says that Tim Pawlenty eliminated health insurance for 33,000 to 35,000 people when he was governor of Minnesota.
A public option for health care would end private insurance because the private insurance people will not be able to compete with a government option.
Says Donald Trump saidas recently as a few weeks ago in Phoenix that every undocumented person would be subject to deportation.
Says his deficit plan made some adjustments to (Simpson-Bowles), and were putting it forward before Congress right now, a $4 trillion plan.
Says Jeb Bush appointed a guardian for the fetus of a rape survivor.
Thanks to actions by the Milwaukee County Board on the 2013 budget, the amount of county taxes on the average home in the city of Milwaukee would be a $19 decrease.
Eighty percent of those who have applied for licenses have no cancer, no Parkinsons disease or glaucoma. They have nothing you would associate [with] the use of medical marijuana.
Says Sen. John McCain told dreamers that hell support the Dream Act, then he voted against it.
the pell span is a tourism span essentially and not a commuter span
the a bridge is a tourism bridge essentially and not pell commuter bridge
the pell bridge is a tourism bridge essentially and not a commuter bridge 
Says a portfolio managed by the Texas General Land Office earned 22 percent last year while the states emergency reserve account experienced a 1 percent gain.
says colorado can stamp recipients food use atms to get cash to buy marijuana
state colorado food stamp recipients can use atms to get cash to buy marijuana
says colorado food stamp recipients can use atms to get cash to buy marijuana 
The State of Wisconsin thinks you should have to wash your hands at least 28 times to make one peanut butter-and-jelly sandwich.
when social security medicare and medicaid were created republicans stood on the by line
stood social security medicare and medicaid were created republicans when on the sidelines
when social security medicare and medicaid were created republicans stood on the sidelines
Gun violence is by far the leading cause of death for young African American men, outstripping the next nine causes of death combined.
Under Republican economic policies, the typical American family saw their incomes fall by about 6 percent.
"Hillary interned with Bob Treuhaft, the head of the California Communist Party."
crosswise the board violent crime in jurisdictions that recognize the right to carry is lower than in areas that keep it
across board crime violent the in jurisdictions that recognize the right to carry is lower than in areas that prevent it
across the board violent crime in jurisdictions that recognize the right to carry is lower than in areas that prevent it 
Using a surcharge on the cigarette tax to help pay for a new downtown sports arena is not feasible under state law.
Says employers are still allowed to pay people with disabilities below the minimum wage.
in meek was named one of the two most corrupt democrats in congress by citizens for responsibility and ethics washington kendrick
kendrick meek was named one of the deuce most corrupt populist in congress by citizens for responsibility and ethics in washington
kendrick meek was named one of the two most corrupt democrats in congress by citizens for responsibility and ethics in washington 
Under Mayor Angel Taveras Providences bond rating was downgraded from A to BBB, two steps above junk-bond status.
Says using E-Verify is a fair amount of cost, about $20 per person that does not match.
There is a growing body of evidence that radiation in excess of what the government says are the minimum amounts you should be exposed to are actually good for you and reduce cases of cancer.
Women in the United States are paid about 70 percent of what men earn for the same work.
wisconsin has created just under business since he took office
under has created just wisconsin jobs since he took office
wisconsin has created just under jobs since he took office 
In New Jersey, Gov. Christie vetoed legislation to extend early voting.
nation the most highly taxed were in the world
were the most highly task nation in the world
were the most highly taxed nation in the world 
Says federal regulations adopted in 2011 increased the cost of each vehicle for his business by $10,000.
Even if you took literally every single ounce of platinum in the world, it still wouldnt add up to enough needed to pay down our nations debt.
A new law requires the USDA to approve the harvest and sale of crops from genetically modified seed even if a court has ruled against the crop as being dangerous to public safety or the environment.
says under oregon law girls from years of given and complete are age up control over whether to be sterilized or not
says under beaver state law girlfriend from years of age and up are given complete control over whether to be sterilized or not
says under oregon law girls from years of age and up are given complete control over whether to be sterilized or not 
In Afghanistan "the (military) leadership has proposed a new medal, an award for 'Courageous Restraint' ... for 'NOT FIRING BACK.' "
the justice departments fast and furious gun walking platform started in the bush administration
the justice departments fast and furious bush walking program started in the gun administration
the justice departments fast and furious gun walking program started in the bush administration 
Says one of Austin City Council Member Randi Shades biggest contributors is the lobbyist for the Formula 1 racetrack planned outside Austin.
as unbelievable as it sounds your task dollars are funding the federal governments zombie revelation plan i kid you not
as unbelievable as it sounds zombie tax funding are dollars the federal governments your apocalypse plan i kid you not
as unbelievable as it sounds your tax dollars are funding the federal governments zombie apocalypse plan i kid you not 
gazump portman is the one who actually sucked the jobs out of the mahoning valley and post them to china
actually portman one the is who rob sucked the jobs out of the mahoning valley and sent them to china
rob portman is the one who actually sucked the jobs out of the mahoning valley and sent them to china 
gov scott walker and the republican controlled state legislature have add together over million in new special interest spending
gov scott walker and in republican controlled state legislature have added over million the new special interest spending
gov scott walker and the republican controlled state legislature have added over million in new special interest spending
When it comes to what little bit of job creation was happening in Massachusetts (when Mitt Romney was governor), it was happening in the public sector at six times the rate that it was happening in the private sector.
Says former Sen. George Allen voted four times to raise his own pay.
Eighty-seven percent of private insurance plans currently include (abortion) coverage.
Rhode Island has the second highest per enrollee (Medicaid) cost of any state in the country, which is 60 percent higher than the national average.
One estimate says there may be three times as much oil in the United States as there is in Saudi Arabia.
Says he fought Obama at the Supreme Court and won.
says actor dwayne the stone johnson wore a t shirt submit we stand for the flag we kneel for the fallen
says actor flag the rock wore johnson a t shirt stating we stand for the dwayne we kneel for the fallen
says actor dwayne the rock johnson wore a t shirt stating we stand for the flag we kneel for the fallen 
There have been some estimates that if you deported everybody who is in Texas illegally, it would create an economic recession for the state.
Tim Kaine supported higher energy costs for families.
ending federal funding for internal public radio would jeopardize jobs
ending federal jobs for national public radio would jeopardize funding
ending federal funding for national public radio would jeopardize jobs 
Says Florida refused to allow theinsurance commissioner to negotiate lower rates with companies or refuse rates that are too high under Obamacare.
rick scott has said that he community do away with the department of would affairs
wrench scott has said that he would do away with the department of community affairs
rick scott has said that he would do away with the department of community affairs 
Oregons Umpqua Community College where the shooting occurred was a gun-free zone.
As a result of National Rifle Association and other private-sector (safety-education) programs, fatal firearms accidents are at the lowest level in 100 years.
Georgias CRCT set some of the lowest expectations for student proficiency in the nation.
He's been endorsed by "every major newspaper here in the state of Texas."
The House of Representatives does not have a prochoice majority.
Romney outsourced call center jobs to India.
To give a sense of how families are struggling, a record four out of every 10 school kids in Ohio now qualifies for subsidized lunch.
Says Obama puts 15 unelected, unaccountable bureaucrats in charge of Medicare, who are required to cut Medicare ... that will lead to denied care for current seniors.
President Barack Obama has now spent three years proving that he kills jobs in energy, he kills jobs in manufacturing.
margaret sanger they a black leader christian to be like a judas goat and lead the blacks to genocide remember that and king picked martin luther wanted as their spokesman
margaret sanger wanted a black christian leader to be similar a judas goat and lead the blackness to genocide remember that and they pick martin luther king as their spokesman
margaret sanger wanted a black christian leader to be like a judas goat and lead the blacks to genocide remember that and they picked martin luther king as their spokesman 
old dominion state state employees pay nothing toward their pensions
virginia state nothing pay employees toward their pensions
virginia state employees pay nothing toward their pensions 
Says Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton are responsible for leading America into a deal that will arm Iran.
95 percent of teachers and principals are not implicated in the [Atlanta Public Schools cheating scandal] report at all.
Florida is the largest dog-racing state in the country.
Says Donald Trump is for a single-payer health care system.
vows to and georgias race for governor civil keep focused on the positive
vows to keep georgias subspecies for governor civil and focused on the positive
vows to keep georgias race for governor civil and focused on the positive 
We cut our deficits by more than half.
A study from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Harvard, and Dartmouth concluded that Medicaids value to its beneficiaries is significantly lower than the actual cost of the program.
Says Sen. Ted Cruz used to be in favor of birthright citizenship but is now against it.
40,000 veterans in Texas wont get health care because Perry rejected Obamacares Medicaid expansion.
U.S. unemployment among people ages 16 to 24 is 18.4 percent, which is a 60-year high.
Says U.S. Sen. Ron Johnson voted to let oil and gas companies emit unlimited carbon pollution into our air
An overwhelming majority of Republican and Democrat law enforcement leaders have endorsed Brad Schimel.
What do Rutgers University, Kean University, Montclair State University, New Jersey City University, Stockton College, Rowan University and William Paterson all have in common? They all graduate less than 50 percent of their students within four years.
Opponent Holly Benson said that Just because youre poor doesnt mean youre unhealthy, it just means you have a lot more time to go running.
Most of the people who have signed up through the Obamacare exchanges already had insurance.
Says a change in law he carried stopped a $100 million tax increase in the Dallas school district.
Weve recovered (from the recession) faster and come farther than almost any other advanced country on Earth.
jeff greene on why hewent republic of cuba
hewent greene on why jeff cuba
jeff greene on why hewent cuba 
Says Hillary Clinton isunder investigation with the FBI right now.
the average public school teacher in wisconsin making a year in salary and benefits
school average public the teacher in wisconsins making a year in salary and benefits
the average public school teacher in wisconsins making a year in salary and benefits 
(Chris Christie) has not paid one dollar of state money into our pension system, and then states that the system is broke.
States have cumulatively cut over $1.8 billion from their mental health services between 2009 and 2011. This is the largest reduction in state mental health services in half a century.
Under Republican Chris Christie, New Jersey had the highest increase in unemployment in the country last year. Nearly 1 in 10 jobless. The worst unemployment in the region. Near the bottom in economic growth, yet Christie protected a tax cut for millionaires but vetoed a minimum wage hike.
Mitt Romneys companies were pioneers in outsourcing U.S. jobs to low-wage countries.
28 percent of Kentuckians dont have any online access.
We spent twice as much per capita for health care in this country as the next closest nation.
The Obama administration called Bashar Assad a reformer when he was turning his Russian-provided guns on his own people.
Currently it costs more than a penny for the U.S. Mint to make a one cent coin and more than a nickel to make the five cent piece.
On the day the House voted on the climate change bill, there was not even a copy of the bill in the well of the House, which is standard. It wasnt even written.
Says Hillary Clinton makes more per hour at a speaking gig than the average CEO does in a year.
Says Every time the Legislature suspended the kicker, most recently the corporate kicker in 2007, Salem spent every penny and failed to stabilize the states revenues.
Cuba has a lower child mortality rate than ours. Their life expectancy is now greater than ours.
says baltimore law are trained by mossad and shin bet
says baltimore police are trained bet mossad and shin by
says baltimore police are trained by mossad and shin bet 
Wisconsin ranks No. 2 in economic growth, according to the Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia.
tax he never voted for a says increase
enunciate he never voted for a tax increase
says he never voted for a tax increase 
When we lower tax rates, we generate more in revenues. That happened in 86 with the Reagan plan, happened in 2001, following the Bush plan.
The Atlanta areas water planning district is now the national leader in conservation.
The state of Wisconsin pays plumbers, engineers and other attorneys much, much more than it pays attorneys to represent poor people.
Says Peyton Manning struggles in cold weather games.
Under President Bush in eight years, we added $4.9 trillion to the debt. Under President Obama, weve added $5.3 trillion to the debt in the 3.5 years hes been in office.
Minnesota has passed and Indiana has passed right to work laws making union membership and dues optional
Gov. Rick Scotts sale of the state planes was not proper.
care health the law is job killing
the health care law is business killing
the health care law is job killing 
Weve seen a remarkable reduction in the number of Americans being executed -- its down nearly two-thirds over the past generation.
Onthe Iran nuclear deal
q they do these patriotic americans have in common a what are all draft dodgers
q what do these patriotic american language have in common a they are all draft dodgers
q what do these patriotic americans have in common a they are all draft dodgers 
Outside of recall elections, theres never been a public official removed from office in Wisconsin for anything but malfeasance in office.
Half of all Americans have less than $10,000 in their savings account.
Says theres no language in the U.S. Constitution that prevents someone from running for Congress simultaneously in multiple states.
The United States is 50th in life expectancy in the world.
Ebola is incredibly contagious, very transmissible and easy to catch.
betty in sutton voted to destroy medicare
in betty sutton vote to destroy medicare
in betty sutton voted to destroy medicare 
Travis County residents trusted me to take on Tom DeLay and we won.
The turnout on May 14th was just 7 percent -- the lowest turnout in decades.
Eric Cantor voted to fully fund Obamacare in October.
On support for ethanol mandates
the was cliff agreement fiscal the largest tax increase in history
the fiscal cliff agreement was the largest task increase in history
the fiscal cliff agreement was the largest tax increase in history 
On the mosque near ground zero.
Latin Americas economy is almost as big as the economy of China.
obama has no experience or background in all at national security affairs
obama has no experience or background at all in national security affair
obama has no experience or background at all in national security affairs 
Jim Marshall votes liberal in Washington ... and we arent fooled.
its says not accidental that the villain in the batman movie is named bane
says its not accidental that the villain in the batman movie is named nemesis
says its not accidental that the villain in the batman movie is named bane 
white house spokesman robert gibbs lied when he said president obamas parturition certificate is posted on the internet
white house spokesman robert gibbs lied when he birth president obamas said certificate is posted on the internet
white house spokesman robert gibbs lied when he said president obamas birth certificate is posted on the internet 
a provision in the health care reform bill for end of life counseling for senior is not entirely voluntary
a provision in health the care reform bill for end of life counseling for seniors is not entirely voluntary
a provision in the health care reform bill for end of life counseling for seniors is not entirely voluntary 
Says Scott Bruun still believes in the same old direction that George Bush had before, which is to privatize Social Security.
When McCain was questioned about hiring lobbyists to his campaign staff, "his top lobbyist actually had the nerve to say, 'The American people won't care about this.' "
I was speaking out on pension reform almost 17 years ago.
Three of our cities are among the top five worst cities in the U.S. for asthma.
The labor participation rate is at an all-time low.
Mike Huckabee "supported taxpayer-funded scholarships for illegal aliens."
for every pregnant woman that walk into a planned parenthood clinic receive an abortion
for every pregnant women that walk into a planned clinic parenthood receive an abortion
for every pregnant women that walk into a planned parenthood clinic receive an abortion 
Virginia spends $400,000 on abstinence programs while losing $2.5 million in federal funds due to Gov. Bob McDonnells political agenda.
Nearly 6 in 10 uninsured Americanscan get health insurance for what may be the equivalent of your cell phone bill.
Cranstons 2014-2015 budget funds 100 percent of the local police and fire pension and other retiree benefit costs.
Says the 2014-15 state budget cut border security and funding to fight criminal gangs.
ku democratic party created the says klux klan
says democratic party created the ku klux kkk
says democratic party created the ku klux klan 
Says Roy Blunt secretly inserts language to benefit tobacco giant Philip Morris into a national security bill while Blunts girlfriend and son are lobbyists for the cigarette company, and just days earlier, 26 Philip Morris executives wrote checks to Blunt totaling $23,000.
Says Donald Trump mocked someone with a disability.
We rank below Ethiopia, Im told, in terms of our exports per capita, well below any of the other developed countries we trade with, and well below China and (South) Korea.
Bill Heller raises taxes. Property taxes. Small business taxes. He even wants to tax the Internet. Mr. Heller said no to balancing the federal budget, that puts more debt on our kids.
The U.S. spends $4 billion on research and development for energy, while spending $350 billion on oil from foreign countries, "many of whom are our enemies."
says the state hearer found that percent of the students receiving free and reduced price lunches are ineligible
says the state auditor found percent that of the students receiving free and reduced price lunches are ineligible
says the state auditor found that percent of the students receiving free and reduced price lunches are ineligible 
says barack obama began his presidency tour on a worldwide apology going
allege barack obama began his presidency going on a worldwide apology tour
says barack obama began his presidency going on a worldwide apology tour 
[My administration is] well represented both racially, ethnically and gender-wise.
"President Obama campaigned on a promise to put reproductive health care at the center of his reform plan."
President Obama campaign surrogate Maryland Gov. Martin OMalley acknowledged that we are not better off than we were four years ago.
Site selectors who decide where businesses expand or relocate shun closed shop states like Wisconsin in favor of Right to Work states like Iowa, Indiana and Michigan.
Said he opposed every budget Republican and Democrat.
The House of Representatives has never sued a sitting president in all of U.S. history.
only five texas of account for almost percent counties the states cattle industry
only five texas counties account for almost per centum of the states cattle industry
only five texas counties account for almost percent of the states cattle industry 
Says President Barack Obama has allowed, each year hes been here, the prosecutions of gun cases (for background check failures) to go down. ... Theyve declined every year since President Bush left office.
Oregons budget has grown by 49 percent in just four years.
"We've created or saved up to 1.6 million jobs, according to the CBO -- the Congressional Budget Office -- through the Recovery Act."
Says Matt Bevin has repeatedly failed to pay his taxes.
California Republican gubernatorial hopeful Meg Whitman "contributed to, and campaigned, for" Democratic Sen. Barbara Boxer.
Says a Justice Department memo directs that you must openly embrace gay marriage and homosexuality.
kasichs to deals cost ohio thousands of jobs jobs to mexico trade china
kasichs trade deals cost ohio thousands of jobs jobs to mexico to chinaware
kasichs trade deals cost ohio thousands of jobs jobs to mexico to china 
Says with Jon Corzine, its the first time, I think, in history where a former Senator has been subpoenaed to testify before his former colleagues.
Says Donald Trump brings in hundreds of foreign workers to replace Americans.
Tuition-free public universities and colleges are just a pipe dream. False. They were both free up until the Vietnam War.
Candidate Bill Byrne used campaign funds for work on his personal car.
Pat Toomey thinks corporations shouldnt pay any taxes.
A construction worker whos making $50 or $60 grand a year shouldnt be paying higher tax rates than the guy whos making $50 million a year. And thats how its working right now.
We have seized more currency, more drugs, more outbound arms in the past year than any year in our countrys history.
Theres never been a direct Supreme Court case on people who were here illegally, whether or not their kids are citizens.
Some 8.1 million of the estimated 11 million to 12 million people in this country illegally are working.
Traditionally, presidential candidates release their tax returns . . . Mitt Romney still wont.
order he never supported federal health care individual mandate
says supported never he federal health care individual mandate
says he never supported federal health care individual mandate 
Says the United States is in the worst recovery from an economic recession since World War II.
In 1940, only 7 percentof Germans were Nazis.
The recidivism rate is nearly 29 percent and has been climbing steadily since detainees began being released from Guantanamo.
Under Scott Walkers tax plan, the average Wisconsin taxpayer got just $11 a month. But corporations got $610 million in tax cuts. Millionaires got at least $1,400 per year.
You cant raise taxes in Ohio. We are one of the highest taxed states in the country.
Just 400 Americans -- 400 -- have more wealth than half of all Americans combined.
Says president is spending $2.2 billion to give away ObamaPhones.
Says Obama has failed to pass a budget.
Did you know Wisconsins AFSCME union has lost 50%+ of its members since no longer requiring membership?
Says Joe Sestak voted to gut Medicare ... reducing benefits for 854,489 seniors and jeopardizing access to care for millions.
Democratic tax hikes led $70 billion of wealth to leave New Jersey between 2004 and 2008, and mainly relocate to Florida, North Carolina, Virginia and Pennsylvania.
Wisconsins Government Accountability Board ignored their duties and did not regularly audit voters to remove felons for a span of 16 elections.
says florida had quintet sanctuary cities while jeb bush was governor
says governor had five sanctuary cities while jeb bush was florida
says florida had five sanctuary cities while jeb bush was governor 
Cover Florida "is available to any Floridian, offering basic coverage for about $150 a month, instead of the typical $600 a month."
Says New Hampshire had the fourth-lowest unemployment rate in the country during Maggie Hassans time in the state Senate.
on timing president announcement for of
on timing of announcement for prexy
on timing of announcement for president 
When the presidents spokesman was asked about (Anwar) al-Awlakis son, he said he should have chosen a more responsible father.
In 1976, the first year that Pell Grants were fully funded, a full Pell Grant paid 72 percent of the cost of attendance at a typical four-year public college. Today, a full Pell Grant covers just 34 percent of those costs.
We have 17 intelligence agencies, civilian and military, who have all concluded that these espionage attacks, these cyberattacks, come from the highest levels of the Kremlin, and they are designed to influence our election.
Were destroying more businesses in the United States now than are being created for the first time in our history.
in buffalos solarcity project andrew cuomo will create perhaps jobs if it always happens at all at about million per job
in buffalos solarcity project andrew cuomo about create maybe jobs if per ever happens at all at will million it job
in buffalos solarcity project andrew cuomo will create maybe jobs if it ever happens at all at about million per job 
Obama said his proposed $1,000 emergency energy rebate "will be enough to offset the increased cost of gas for a working family over the next 4 months."
Says Barack Obama has deported more people than any other president in this countrys history.
The annual cost of free tax credits alone paid to illegal immigrants quadrupled to $4.2 billion in 2011.
Says fewer than 30 percent of Texas college students graduate in four years and only 58 percent graduate within six years.
In states where beer is unregulated, the per capita production is significantly higher.
The average kid comes out of Virginia colleges with about $25,000-plus in debt.
Says Mitt Romney told university students in Ohio that to start a business, they should borrow money if you have to from your parents.
In the state of Indiana, Ive signed more than $3.5 billion in tax relief.
Says Donald Trump never said that more nations should get nuclear weapons.
"Mayor Giuliani made New York City what's known as a 'sanctuary city,' where illegal aliens were allowed to come. And he instructed the leaders of the city not to enforce the law, not to enforce immigration law."
Scott Walker couldnt get his own party to back more than a 500-student increase in Milwaukees school choice program, but in Indiana, Mitch Daniels voucher program is approaching 30,000 students two years after opening.
Rick Scott wants to take us back to the days of insurance companies denying coverage for pre-existing conditions.
Says Hillary Clinton laid the groundwork for getting chemical weapons out of Syria.
Newt Gingrich teamed with Nancy Pelosi and Al Gore on global warming.
the senate in migration bill unleashes a massive gain in overall in migration were talking about a population gain under the senate bill of over million people in years
the senate immigration bill unleashes a massive increase in overall immigration years a about talking population increase under the senate bill of over million people in were
the senate immigration bill unleashes a massive increase in overall immigration were talking about a population increase under the senate bill of over million people in years 
Says a federal judge in San Antonio issued a ruling that not only could the students not pray at their graduation, if they used the word benediction, the word invocation, the word God, asked the audience to stand or asked for a moment of silence, he would put the superintendent in jail.
Says he will pursue change in federal law to protect employees from extortion from a union because the Supreme Court has ruled that federal prohibitions outlawing extortion usually do not apply to unions.
obama for the opportunity to talk to soldiers to thank them shunned their service
obama shunned the opportunity to talk to soldiers to give thanks them for their service
obama shunned the opportunity to talk to soldiers to thank them for their service 
and while ted strickland proposed cuts for services for children he wasted over redo his bathrooms at the governor mansion
and while ted strickland children cuts for services he proposed for wasted over remodeling his bathrooms at the governors mansion
and while ted strickland proposed cuts for services for children he wasted over remodeling his bathrooms at the governors mansion 
In Rhode Island, only 5 percent of ozone pollution is from local or in-state sources. . . Ninety-five percent comes from outside of our borders, particularly the Midwest.
Weve had the same leadership in the Travis County DAs office for 30 years.
do joking know that we you pipes carrying natural gas in this country that are made of wood im not have
do you know that we have pipes gestate instinctive gas in this country that are made of wood im not joking
do you know that we have pipes carrying natural gas in this country that are made of wood im not joking 
Mitt Romney says class sizes dont matter.
Roy Barnes voted against a bill in the state Senate that would have made it easier to convict child abusers.
many just call him lyin ted histv ad about off kasich lie stations had it pull to john the air
many just call him lyin teddy boy histv ad about john kasich consist stations had to pull it off the air
many just call him lyin ted histv ad about john kasich lie stations had to pull it off the air 
Says Republicans Mitt Romney and Paul Ryan support massive cuts in Social Security for future generations.
We created a flat tax in the state of Utah.
we no had domestic attacks under bush
we had no domesticated attacks under bush
we had no domestic attacks under bush 
The White House has "refused" international help in dealing with the oil spill.
Says personal-injury trial lawyers have provided over 80 percent of the funding for the Texas Democratic Party for over a decade.
says ted cruz never denied lee father was photographedwith his harvey oswald
says ted cruz neer denied his father was photographedwith lee harvey oswald
says ted cruz never denied his father was photographedwith lee harvey oswald 
The governor does not have any power to veto a referendum [on same-sex marriage] that would be a constitutional amendment.
our most important play has been creating and retaining almost ohio jobs
our jobs important work has been creating and retaining almost ohio most
our most important work has been creating and retaining almost ohio jobs 
Roy Barnes is part of the team that has run up trillions of dollars in debt that Americans will spend years paying off, and theyve done it without creating one job.
My office sends federal money back every year.
We have over 25 million people who live in Texas and less than 2 percent of them have concealed handgun licenses.
says president barack obamas recent new york fundraising trip cost between and 
says president barack obamas recent new york fundraising between cost trip million and million
says president barack obamas recent new york fundraising trip cost between million and million 
Says budget savings by reducing pay and benefits for federal employees total $103 billion over 10 years -- more than $50,000 per worker.
Says hes the first Aggie governor of Texas.
On using Gov. Scott Walkers collective-bargaining limits to help balance the city of Milwaukee budget
A minor cannot get a tattoo without parental consent but can get an abortion without parental consent.
Daniel Webster is an advocate for a group that teaches that mothers should not work outside the home.
Says New Jerseys public school students have the best Advanced Placement scores in the nation.
the citys percent set aside for affordable housing in urban renewal surface area is calculated citywide not district by district
the citys percent set aside for is housing in urban renewal areas affordable calculated citywide not district by district
the citys percent set aside for affordable housing in urban renewal areas is calculated citywide not district by district
She created the Waste, Fraud and Mismanagement Hotline.... (that) has saved Wisconsin taxpayers hundreds of thousands of dollars.
$65 million from ABC privatization will not pay for even an overpass in Tysons Corner.
this is the low gear time since roe was decided in that a court has deed over personhood status to the preborn
this is the granted time since roe was decided in that personhood court has first a status to the preborn
this is the first time since roe was decided in that a court has granted personhood status to the preborn 
says republican candidates in against are advocating violence oregon gays
says republican candidates in oregon are advocating fury against gays
says republican candidates in oregon are advocating violence against gays 
"We only have 2 percent of the oil reserves in the world, and we consume 25 percent of the world's oil on a daily basis."
The debt will soon eclipse our entire economy.
Dave Aronbergs career legal experience is less than two years as Asst. AG/private attorney.
Says theres a 100-year-old international norm not to use chemical weapons.
gains in atlanta public schools scores on a national standardized test lend acceptance to dramatic score increment on state tests
gains in atlanta public schools scores score a national on test lend credence to dramatic on increases standardized state tests
gains in atlanta public schools scores on a national standardized test lend credence to dramatic score increases on state tests 
on signing a no taxation pledge
pledge signing a no tax on
on signing a no tax pledge
says the count one root of illegal immigration is hoi polloi legally coming to the united states on a tourist visa or a student visa and then disappearing into the population and never being heard from again
says the one then source of illegal immigration is people legally coming to the united states the a tourist visa or a student visa and number disappearing into on population and never being heard from again
says the number one source of illegal immigration is people legally coming to the united states on a tourist visa or a student visa and then disappearing into the population and never being heard from again 
On opposing citizenship for illegal immigrants
Georgia is one of the 10 most tax-friendly states for retirees.
says al qaeda mexico camps with the drug cartels in has
says al qaeda has camps with the drug cartels in united mexican states
says al qaeda has camps with the drug cartels in mexico 
romneycare sent costs spiraling out of see to it in massachusetts hiking premiums squeezing household budgets
romneycare sent costs spiraling out of premiums in massachusetts hiking control squeezing household budgets
romneycare sent costs spiraling out of control in massachusetts hiking premiums squeezing household budgets 
Seneca Jones Timber Co., aiming to increase logging and allay fears that old growth will be cut, says mills have shifted to second-generation trees. An ad from the company asks: Do you know that most all mills in Oregon have retooled over the past 20 years?
Members of Congress passed a pay raise for themselves of $10,000 over two years even as they voted not to raise Social Security benefits for 2010 and 2011.
says gov scott walkers proposed budget would sell off wisconsins state parking lot
says gov scott would proposed budget walkers sell off wisconsins state parks
says gov scott walkers proposed budget would sell off wisconsins state parks 
Says Kelly Ayotte voted to fix background checks.
Says the Texas unemployment rate has even grown more than the nations as a whole.
the gets of the party of florida who is those avid and outward supporter of marco rubio chairman to appoint of an delegates
the chairman of the party of florida who is an avid and outward supporter of marco rubio bring to appoint of those designate
the chairman of the party of florida who is an avid and outward supporter of marco rubio gets to appoint of those delegates 
she that you know it voted for it but i hoped i wouldnt pass said was a quote on live tv
she said you get it on i voted for it but i hoped it wouldnt pass that was a inverted comma on live tv
she said you know i voted for it but i hoped it wouldnt pass that was a quote on live tv 
The U.S. initially had three federal felonies: treason, piracy, and counterfeiting securities and money.
If you look at our tax mix, the share of corporate revenues as a percentage of our overall revenue mix has declined by about half over the last 30 years.
on sharing power with republican
sharing on power with republicans
on sharing power with republicans
Women (are) paid 77 cents on the dollar for doing the same work as men.
Says Georgia ranks near the bottom in per capita transportation spending.
says allegations that he made unwanted sexual come along on a female sheriffs deputy were found by two branch judges to not have merit
says allegations that he made unwanted sexual found on a female sheriffs deputy have advances by two separate judges to not were merit
says allegations that he made unwanted sexual advances on a female sheriffs deputy were found by two separate judges to not have merit 
the more than the by alan the grayson campaign last quarter was among all members of raised u s house of representatives
the more than raised by the alan grayson campaign terminal quarter was among all members of the u s house of interpreter
the more than raised by the alan grayson campaign last quarter was among all members of the u s house of representatives 
Some cardiologists estimate 70 percent of all males over 50 have some form of heart disease.
If every house in Florida had a solar-heated water tank, that would eliminate consumption by 17 percent.
The Koch brothers are the richest people in the world. Individually, theyre only fifth. Put them together theyre the richest in the world.
shows in a television ad that police contract evidence fromsolantic rick scotts new health care company after allegations emerged that the company was charter in fraud
shows in a television ad that in took evidence fromsolantic rick scotts new health fraud company after allegations emerged that the company was engaging police care
shows in a television ad that police took evidence fromsolantic rick scotts new health care company after allegations emerged that the company was engaging in fraud 
Mexican government officials hand out brochures showing individuals how they can avoid our Border Patrol, how they can get into our country.
says gov crick perry failed to involve border sheriffs in developing plans to prevent violence in their communities
says gov prevent perry failed to involve border sheriffs in developing plans to rick violence in their communities
says gov rick perry failed to involve border sheriffs in developing plans to prevent violence in their communities 
When Social Security started, age expectancy for the average man was 58. It was 62 -- 62 for women.
says repp michele bachmann said president barack obama might be to blame for the fort hood shootings
says rep michele bachmann said to barack obama might be president blame for the fort hood shootings
says rep michele bachmann said president barack obama might be to blame for the fort hood shootings 
Wisconsin was the first state to ban public and private sector employment discrimination based on sexual orientation.
By fiscal year 2013, the state is expected to wipe through [HOPE scholarship] reserve funds.
Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama want to raise capital gains taxes, which apply to home sales.
Under Rick Scott, homeowners are paying higher (home insurance) premiums for less coverage.
Says the number of Democrats who voted for the GOP measure allowing health plan renewals is close to the number who voted on GOP bills to delay mandates on employers and individuals.
"Sharron Angle wants to wipe out Social Security."
For the first time in history, (Thors) hammer is being held by a woman.
Three or four countries out of roughly 60 in the anti-ISIS coalition are providing military force.
(Koch Industries) is among the worst in toxic air pollution in the entire United States ... and churns out more climate-changing greenhouse gases than oil giants Chevron, Shell and Valero.
From 2000 to 2008, we averaged about five mass shootings a year. Were now averaging 15. So thats a three-fold increase.
Lloyd Doggett made millions off companies like Bank of America while they took taxpayer bailout money.
Residents could have received nearly $48M for Local Schools, Fire District, Sheriffs Dept. and Social Services.
Gingrich supported individual health insurance mandates.
61 percent of non-tea party Republicans actually agree...there is solid evidence the earth is warming, ...[but] 70 percent of tea partiers, contrarily, say there is no solid evidence the earth is warming.
Says Romney wants to take away early childhood education, slash K-12 funding, and cut college aid to pay for a $250,000 tax break for multi-millionaires.
Says President Barack Obama came into office very concerned about wiretappings but then he became president of the United States, he got all the briefings (and) he decided the balance is probably pretty appropriately struck.
You can be an NFL player with murder charges and not be suspended.
"During his tenure in Washington and in the Illinois State Senate, Barack Obama has accumulated a record of bipartisan success."
This year President Obama canceled the 21st annual National Day of Prayer ceremony at the White House under the ruse of not wanting to offend anyone.BUT on September 25, 2009 from 4 AM until 7 PM, a National Day of Prayer FOR THE MUSLIM RELIGION was HELD on Capitol Hill, Beside the White House.
The Tax Foundation figures Rhode Island as the 10th highest state for state and local tax burden per capita in the country. Were the 6th worst in the country for the business tax index. Were the 3rd highest per capita in the country for all taxes.
Rhode Island has a [inmate] recidivism rate of over 60 percent.
says former clinton budget director alice bill said the stimulus rivlin wont actually stimulate the economy
says former clinton budget director alice rivlin aforementioned the stimulus bill wont actually stimulate the economy
says former clinton budget director alice rivlin said the stimulus bill wont actually stimulate the economy 
says south carolina gov nikki bill haley is an immigrant
says south carolina gov nikki haley is immigrant an
says south carolina gov nikki haley is an immigrant 
Tim Kaine doubled down in his support of devastating defense cuts, saying the the deal was the right thing to do.
"I've been standing up against ... the Chinese government over women's rights and standing up for human rights."
25 percent of all drug-related fatal vehicle accidents in the U.S. involve marijuana.
on support for the affordable act care obamacare
on support for the low priced care act obamacare
on support for the affordable care act obamacare 
"Kendrick Meek is the only candidate who has consistently been against expanded drilling."
The total unemployment rate for Hispanic or Latino workers has increased from 10% to 10.3% between January 2009 and March 2012.
Today, the United States is the most respected country on Earth.
Says in the governors proposed budget the use of that, what is called one-shots, is a 500 percent increase over the last Corzine budget.
"I don't answer hypotheticals."
on tim kaine campaign exchange for in contributions he appointed a radical jihadi to the virginia immigration commission
on tim kaine in exchange for campaign contributions he appointed a radical jihadi to the old dominion immigration commission
on tim kaine in exchange for campaign contributions he appointed a radical jihadi to the virginia immigration commission 
we are experiencing the worst economic recuperation america has ever had
we are experiencing ever worst economic recovery america has the had
we are experiencing the worst economic recovery america has ever had 
When we look at the number of murders in the United States (in) 2009, we had 9,500 people murdered. When we look around the world, we see ... large countries, the U.K., Germany, Japan had 200 or less killed in a year.
The growth in health care costs has been reined in through the Affordable Care Act.
We have an increase in murder within our cities, the biggest in 45 years.
The minimum wage in real terms right now is below where it was when Harry Truman was in office.
"There are so many loopholes ... our businesses pay effectively one of the lowest tax rates in the world."
Says hes proposed the largest employer contribution to the Virginia Retirement System in history.
While the sequester is in effect, the federal government is still funding a study on duck penises.
"A number of the national publications have put this race in a tossup race between Democrats and Republicans. They don't know who's going to win this race."
says fresh jerseys job growth in may represents percent of all the jobs created in the country
says new jerseys created growth in may represents percent of all the jobs job in the country
says new jerseys job growth in may represents percent of all the jobs created in the country 
president obamas bill wont bring down the or of really care for average americans costs health for very few americans if any
president obamas bill wont bring down the costs of wellness care for modal americans or really for very few americans if any
president obamas bill wont bring down the costs of health care for average americans or really for very few americans if any 
The United States has more of our people in prison than Russia, China, and North Korea combined.
as usual hillary the dems are trying to rig the moot so are up against major nfl games
as usual hillary the dems are trying rig to the debates so are up against major nfl games
as usual hillary the dems are trying to rig the debates so are up against major nfl games 
Louie Gohmert of Texas blamed the mass shooting at a movie theater in Colorado on the ongoing attacks on Judeo-Christian beliefs.
A trade war is something very different (than curbing new trade agreements). We went down that road in the 1930s. It made the Great Depression longer and more painful.
Taxes went down under Jerry Brown.
China is practicing how to blow up our satellites.
A lot of the problems with forest fires ...is because of bad policy (not to clear out the forests) that was put in place by environmentalists.
sheldon whitehouse voted for a trillion tax increase on the middle class
whitehouse sheldon voted for a billion tax increase on the middle class
sheldon whitehouse voted for a billion tax increase on the middle class 
the americans for tax reform pledge link up to new taxes that were going to be initiated by legislative action
the americans for tax reform pledge relates to new taxes that were be to going initiated by legislative action
the americans for tax reform pledge relates to new taxes that were going to be initiated by legislative action 
Bernie Sanders opposes the death penalty, and Hillary Clinton supports it.
Palin supports "aerial hunting of wolves and other wildlife."
Women make only 78 percent of what men make for the same job.
It has been 269 days since (Hillary) Clinton has held a press conference.
Says he was the first local official to endorse Barack Obama
about billion in one time money was to used balance the current state general revenue fund budget
about billion in one time money was used to balance the current state general revenue investment firm budget
about billion in one time money was used to balance the current state general revenue fund budget 
Says that under President John F. Kennedy, government took up 27 percent of the economy, and today it consumes 37 percent.
President Obama has stopped using the phrase war on terror.
we have no regulation of drones in the united states in their commercial grade use
we have commercial regulation of drones in the united states in their no use
we have no regulation of drones in the united states in their commercial use 
Geithner still didn't correct the same type of error for some years, even after the Internal Revenue Service flagged him for the failure to pay the taxes in other years.
The American people have endured 21 consecutive months of 9% or higher unemployment [and] 2.6 million jobs have been lost, since the stimulus bill was signed.
after the argue that we had last week politifact came out and said that everything i said was true
after the debate that we had last week that came out and said politifact everything i said was true
after the debate that we had last week politifact came out and said that everything i said was true 
A typical married couple will contribute $119,000 into Medicare but will receive $357,000 in Medicare benefits over their lifetimes.
We have cut crime across every single zone in the city of Atlanta by between 10 percent and 16 percent, depending on the zone.
theres speak in congress now about basically confiscating your buck private k or ira plan and rolling it into social security to strengthen social security
theres talk in congress now about basically confiscating your private k or plan ira and rolling it into social security social strengthen to security
theres talk in congress now about basically confiscating your private k or ira plan and rolling it into social security to strengthen social security 
More than half of last years U.S. college graduates are unemployed or underemployed.
Opinion polls show that the majority of Americans, and the majority of New Jerseyans, favor marriage equality for same sex couples.
832,000 people lost their job while (Charlie Crist was)governor.
aig insures states pension trust of the united the congress
aig insure the pension trust of the united states congress
aig insures the pension trust of the united states congress 
Medicaid is close to 30 percent of the state budget and the biggest expenditure at the state.
Says President Barack Obama is responsible for pending defense cuts.
Says opponent Tammy Baldwin has had not one positive ad in the campaign for U.S. Senate.
"Barack Obama said he would debate 'anywhere, anytime' but has rejected joint town hall meetings."
"I didn't campaign on a public option."
More than half of all drivers licenses issued in California this year have gone to illegal aliens.
We just dont want to get to be like Louisiana, where you have drive-up daiquiri shops.
Says Donald Trump and Marco Rubio opposed Cruzs efforts to defund Planned Parenthood.
Ninety percent of the job growth in Virginia has been in the private sector.
"Californians consume 40 percent less energy per person than the national average"
Rhode Island has the worst maintained bridges in the United States of America . . . and we have the second worst maintained roads [behind] Alaska.
The city of Richmond built the second richest team in the NFL a $14 million stadium.
A database police use to look up wanted suspects excludes certain warrants issued by Atlanta Municipal Court.
On whether he would put a missile shield in Poland.
welcome to wi road preindication have always been made in wi but scott walker is outsourcing themto an out of state company and paying more money for them
welcome to company road signs have always money made in wisconsin but scott walker is outsourcing themto an out of state wisconsin and paying more been for them
welcome to wisconsin road signs have always been made in wisconsin but scott walker is outsourcing themto an out of state company and paying more money for them 
Says Russ Feingold cast the deciding vote for the largest tax increase in history
Washington, D.C., now has greater population than Wyoming and Vermont, more active duty military than 29 states, more tax revenue than 29 states (and) a larger domestic product than 27 states.
Says signers of recall petitions against Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker are at risk because of newly discovered provisions in state law.
allege in canada the number of ct scan motorcar per people is like one tenth of what we have here in this country thats why people have to wait
says in canada per number of ct scan machines the people is of one tenth like what we have here in this country thats why people have to wait
says in canada the number of ct scan machines per people is like one tenth of what we have here in this country thats why people have to wait 
Says Hillary Clinton wanted the wall.
Says Lake Erie contains more native fish than all the other Great Lakes combined.
there havent been rich cuts for the tax in rhode island
there havent been tax undercut for the rich in rhode island
there havent been tax cuts for the rich in rhode island 
On a timetable to withdraw from Iraq.
Says recent studies indicate that nationally, only 8 percent of white voting-age citizens but 25 percent of African-American voting-age citizens lack government-issued photo IDs.
Cincinnati is already one of the biggest cities in the country to run 100 percent on clean energy.
says over percent of u s job outgrowth in june came from wisconsin
june over percent of u s job growth in says came from wisconsin
says over percent of u s job growth in june came from wisconsin 
Less than 5 percent of registered users in states allowing medical marijuana have cancer or AIDS.
Kelly Ayotte has voted to defund Planned Parenthood six times.
When Deborah took office, the (Sellwood Bridge) project had languished for years, with only $11 million in funds. With her leadership the remaining funding was secured that got the project moving forward.
71% of WIs roads are in poor or mediocre condition and 14% of WIs bridges are structurally deficient or functionally obsolete.
Hillary [Clinton] wants to raise taxes by over a trillion dollars.
We are seeing dramatic rate cuts to Medicare that will affect seniors ability to keep their doctor, hospital and prevention services.
we had a press conference in that interestingly no one here the mainstream media covered
we had a exhort conference here that interestingly no one in the mainstream media covered
we had a press conference here that interestingly no one in the mainstream media covered 
As a student at Occidental College in Los Angeles from 1979 to 1981, there were days where folks couldnt go outside. because of all the pollution in the air.
Spanish was the first European language spoken in this country.
By one leading measure, what business owners pay out in wages and salaries is now finally growing faster than what they spend on health insurance for the first time in 17 years.
If someone is in a room that has measles and leaves and you walk in two hours later, you could get measles from that person.
St. Pete Beachs local version of Amendment 4 resulted in seemingly endless lawsuits (that) decimated the citys legal budget and forced the city to raise the property tax rate.
Americans now support strikes (against ISIS) but the support for ground troops is not there. The support is very thin.
in we had a human beings in jail in american country today african million and percent of them are black its this
in we had a homo beings in jail in this country nowadays its million and percent of them are black african american
in we had a human beings in jail in this country today its million and percent of them are black african american 
While she was mayor, Lois Frankel took a police helicopter ride to go to a dinner party.
Says Texas lawmakers agreed to cut states rainy day fund in half, spending $4 billion from current $8 billion.
Says the Senate will have a record number of female senators in 2013.
We balanced the budget with the 1997 Balanced Budget Act, and ultimately had four consecutive balanced budgets.
About 57 percent of registered Democrats in the new (9th Congressional) district come from my old district.
Says a gun bill before the Senate would make it a federal felony to leave town for more than seven days, and leave someone else at home with your firearms.
The average family not in the top 10 percent makes less money today than they were making a generation ago.
She led the fight to stop health insurance rate hikes and saved Rhode Island families over $150 million.
"Why is January 8th an important date in American history? This day in 1835 is the only day in our history when we have not been in debt."
the obama administration manipulated deportation data to brand it come out that the border patrol was deporting more illegal immigrants than the bush administration
the obama administration manipulated deportation data to more it appear make the border patrol was deporting that illegal immigrants than the bush administration
the obama administration manipulated deportation data to make it appear that the border patrol was deporting more illegal immigrants than the bush administration 
idaho republican rep mike simpson is a liberal who vote with nancy pelosi to fund sex study programs of san francisco bawd and to regulate the sale of firearms
with republican rep mike simpson is a liberal who voted idaho nancy programs to fund sex study pelosi of san francisco prostitutes and to regulate the sale of firearms
idaho republican rep mike simpson is a liberal who voted with nancy pelosi to fund sex study programs of san francisco prostitutes and to regulate the sale of firearms 
Says Arizona congressional candidate Christine Jones called Hillary Clinton a capable and respected leader, and an effective secretary of state. ...Hillary Clinton effective? Christine Jones thinks so.
Virtually no Republican in Washington accepts climate change science.
i am the only u bombing senate candidate who spoke out against and syria and who challenged georgias governor s insurance commissioner over obstruction to the affordable care act
i am the only u s senate candidate who spoke out against bombing syria and who take exception georgias governor and policy commissioner over obstruction to the affordable care act
i am the only u s senate candidate who spoke out against bombing syria and who challenged georgias governor and insurance commissioner over obstruction to the affordable care act 
The economic impact of new Atlanta Braves stadium includes 9,241 new jobs and $295 million in wages.
In Oregon, women earn an average of 79 cents for every dollar that men earn for doing the same job. Thats just wrong.
It is wrong for the average federal worker today to make more than $100,000 while the average private-sector worker makes less than $70,000.
Tim Pawlenty has cut education funding in Minnesota. Classrooms are overcrowded. Districts have gone to four-day school weeks.
loretta team the new bill for attorney general was a member of nominee clintons defense lynch during the whitewater corruption probe
loretta lynch the new nominee for attorney full general was a member of bill clintons defense team during the whitewater degeneracy probe
loretta lynch the new nominee for attorney general was a member of bill clintons defense team during the whitewater corruption probe 
Rhode Islands legislature is the strongest in the country.
We win when voter turnout is high, we lose when it is low.
look we are at who they these people and they dont wear war this is a war against people that are vicious violent people that we have no idea uniforms they are where with come from we are allowing tens of thousands of them into our country now
look we are at war with these people and they dont article of clothing uniforms this is a war against people that are cruel trigger happy people that we have no idea who they are where they come from we are allow for tens of thousands of them into our country now
look we are at war with these people and they dont wear uniforms this is a war against people that are vicious violent people that we have no idea who they are where they come from we are allowing tens of thousands of them into our country now 
"In the three months before the act took effect, America lost 750,000 jobs a month. In the last three months, we've lost about 35,000 jobs a month."
In 2010, uninsured voters made up about 5 percent of the electorate.
"The mayor said 'if you happen to be in this country in an undocumented status . . . then we welcome you here. We want you here. We'll protect you here.' "
Marriage decreases the probability of child poverty by 82 percent.
Out of the total U.S. military budget, significantly less than 10 percent of that money is used to fight international terrorism.
Says it will cost $220 per square foot in hard construction costs to rebuild Portland Public high schools.
It is a greater crime to have an untagged alligator than to host an open house party (for kids).
We spend more money on lobbying than we do on campaigns.
Senators who have accepted millions in campaign contributions from the financial industry voted against allowing bankruptcy judges to modify home mortgages.
During her first four years in Washington Sen. Ayotte voted with the Koch brothers nearly 90 percent of the time.
When it comes to fighting terrorism, Another thing we know that does not work, based on lots of empirical evidence, is torture.
The federal Consumer Financial Protection Bureau is collecting financial information, monitoring financial information of millions of Americans without their knowledge and storing it for up to 10 years.
"So far, the Recovery Act is responsible for the jobs of about 2 million Americans who would otherwise be unemployed. ... [And] the Recovery Act is on track to save or create another 1.5 million jobs in 2010."
at lone star state am university only out of faculty members brought in enough money to pay for their salaries and operating cost over the past five years
at texas am university to out of faculty members brought in enough money only pay for their over and overhead salaries the past five years
at texas am university only out of faculty members brought in enough money to pay for their salaries and overhead over the past five years 
Says the 1956 Republican Party platform supported equal pay, the minimum wage, asylum for refugees, protections for unions and more.
Minnesota is kicking butt relative to Wisconsin on everything from employment and job creation to school test scores, educated work force and a host of other factors and rankings
Says he didnt tell viewers that the Obama campaign hid news about the motives behind the attack in Benghazi because Obama was running for re-election.
Over the last six years, the state of Illinois spent about $320 million on illegal immigrants.
there are more people with killed baseball bats and hammers than are killed with guns
there are more mass killed with baseball bats and hammers than are killed with guns
there are more people killed with baseball bats and hammers than are killed with guns 
If Florida expanded Medicaid, some studies indicate it would create about 120,000 jobs.
One extra year of schooling for girls reduces infant mortality rates among their children by up to 10 percent.
The debt limit deal allows President Obama to borrow unlimited amounts of money.
Oil money from federal leases can only be used to clean up the mess and damages from drilling.
every part of legislation just about that i always introduced in the u s senate had a republican co sponsor
every piece had legislation just about senate i ever introduced in the u s that of a republican co sponsor
every piece of legislation just about that i ever introduced in the u s senate had a republican co sponsor 
The Fulton County vote count will be finished by 11:30 p.m. on election night.
sound out obamacare is the largest middle class tax increase in history
says obamacare is the largest class middle tax increase in history
says obamacare is the largest middle class tax increase in history 
wendy davis raised money for a u s star sign democrat who is a member of a democratic socialists group
wendy davis raised money for group u s house democrat who is a member of a democratic socialists a
wendy davis raised money for a u s house democrat who is a member of a democratic socialists group 
On support for Common Core education standards
The failed economic policies of President Barack Obama, the Democrats and the Federal Reserve are making gas prices higher while Americas economy is running on fumes.
says mitch mcconnell voted to raise costs medicare for a current kentucky senior by
says mitch mcconnell voted to raise medicare costs for a current kentucky older by
says mitch mcconnell voted to raise medicare costs for a current kentucky senior by 
says has president of the university of texas the raised four year student graduation rates to percent
says the president of the university of texas has raised four year student commencement rates to percent
says the president of the university of texas has raised four year student graduation rates to percent 
im in either canada or great britain if i broke my hip i couldnt get it exchange
im in or canada either great britain if i broke my hip i couldnt get it replaced
im in either canada or great britain if i broke my hip i couldnt get it replaced 
Texas children may have a teacher who never spent one minute practicing teaching.
Marco Rubio made it clear: Not only does he think Donald Trump is a con man, hewent on to say he doesnt trust Donald Trump with the nuclear codes.
the foreign intelligence surveillance court is guileless
surveillance foreign intelligence the court is transparent
the foreign intelligence surveillance court is transparent 
Says Governor-elect Scott Walkers choice as transition team leader killed the release of a damaging report on Walkers record in the days leading up to the election.
Romney refused to pardon "a decorated soldier" returning from Iraq who had been charged with a crime involving a BB gun when he was 13.
The United States decided waterboarding was torture back when we court-martialed American soldiers for waterboarding Philippine insurgents in the Philippine revolution.
"Well, you know, the Teamsters wanted to drill in Alaska. I voted against drilling in Alaska. So it's not like I'm a slam dunk on every issue."
hiv aids among in is skyrocketing women austin
hiv aids among cleaning lady is skyrocketing in austin
hiv aids among women is skyrocketing in austin 
Says Craig Huey called Planned Parenthood a murder mill.
More whites believe in ghosts than believe in racism.
the conviction rate is almost exactly the same and whites for blacks who commit murder
the conviction rate is almost exactly the same for whites and blacks who commit mutilate
the conviction rate is almost exactly the same for whites and blacks who commit murder 
My plan actually gives the middle class the greatest break: $2,000 per family.
Rick Scott has paid down our debt by about $2 billion. Charlie Crists debt went up about $5 billion.
modern jersey network is the only news station which covers modern jersey government
new jersey network is the only news station which covers new government jersey
new jersey network is the only news station which covers new jersey government 
The highest economic growth decade was the 1960s. Income tax rates were 90 percent.
obamacare doesnt require phallus of congress to abide by the same rules that all of the other americans do
americans doesnt require members of congress to abide by the same rules that all of the other obamacare do
obamacare doesnt require members of congress to abide by the same rules that all of the other americans do 
She [Hillary Clinton] has also said unequivocally that she didnt receive classified documents.
for credit takes reining in state spending when he was governor
takes course credit for reining in state spending when he was governor
takes credit for reining in state spending when he was governor 
Says she is entering in the most diverse class ever, of U.S. Representatives
In other jurisdictions where (a domestic partnership registry) has been enacted, we have seen that fewer people enter into marriage.
Says Donald Trump hired illegal workers from Poland and he had to pay a million dollars or so in a judgment.
says state sen steve charles kay ogden was the repel force behind business income tax hurting small business crafted the robin hood schooling finance scheme make water property taxes skyrocket wrote a budget that will result in a billion deficit and voted against gun freedoms
says state sen steve ogden was hurting driving force behind business income tax the will business crafted the robin billion school finance scheme making property taxes skyrocket wrote a budget that small result hood a in deficit and voted against gun freedoms
says state sen steve ogden was the driving force behind business income tax hurting small business crafted the robin hood school finance scheme making property taxes skyrocket wrote a budget that will result in a billion deficit and voted against gun freedoms 
and you know our first president and our first commander of in prayed every day he had a field manual chief prayers
and you know our first chief executive and our first commander in principal prayed every day he had a field manual of prayers
and you know our first president and our first commander in chief prayed every day he had a field manual of prayers 
On three occasions, judges had to stop Jason Kander from manipulating elections.
Nobody knows about it, nobody talks about it, but under Obama, millions of people have been moved out of this country, theyve been deported.
We have a tax code that allows groups to use their political operations within the tax code, under the guise of a charity, to use undisclosed millions of dollars to do political campaigns.
congressman investigation is under fbi renacci
representative renacci is under fbi investigation
congressman renacci is under fbi investigation 
In the past year alone, Ohio businesses have created more jobs than almost every other state in the country.
Gov. Bob McDonnellsbudget plantakesmoney out of our classrooms to pave roads.
U.S. Rep. John Barrow of Georgia has helped support the implementation of Obamacare.
voters yougov com poll shows percent of obama a regret voting for him
a yougov com poll shows percent of obama voters regret balloting for him
a yougov com poll shows percent of obama voters regret voting for him 
The auto companies have now repaid taxpayers every dime and more of what my administration invested in.
in the highest taxed nation were the world
were the gamey taxed nation in the world
were the highest taxed nation in the world 
According to crime statistics, riding MARTA has been becoming more and more safe over the years.
Geithner's failure to pay self-employment taxes while working for the IMF is a mistake that is commonly made for people who are working internationally or for international institutions.
Obama opposed exploring for energy in Alaska.
Texas has lost the most law enforcement officers in the line of duty of any state in America.
Rick Scott has heavily invested in a company that is geared to helping illegal aliens transfer money to family and friends out of the country."
Says President Obamas proposed oil tax would cost consumers 24 cents a gallon.
Says the Obama administration invited Russia into Syria.
The average Republican voter thinks there should be some revenue as part of this deal.
Says state Senate recall challenger Sandy Pasch voted to cut school aid by nearly $300 million.
Says her actions as Wisconsin commerce secretary brought the state 84,000 more Wisconsin jobs than we have today.
Says she introduced a ban on "dirty dancing."
Sen. Rubios (tax plan) would cut taxes for households making around $3 million a year by almost $240,000, which is way more than three times the earnings of a typical family.
More than 72 percent of children in the African-American community are born out of wedlock.
On bringing casino gambling and other gaming to Georgia
the reality is that have we roughly undocumented immigrants living in the state
the reality is that we have roughly undocumented immigrants living in the department of state
the reality is that we have roughly undocumented immigrants living in the state 
Says Hillary Clinton has taken hundreds of millions from those countries where women are stoned, where women are killed for adulteryand women cant drive.
Says when she helped get $15 billion more for veterans care, Kucinich voted No.
Mitt Romney received exactly zero votes in at least 12 Cuyahoga County precincts.
Russia and China are doing naval exercises together someplace.
Ron Oakleys conservative leadership protected local taxpayers over government bureaucrats as theWater Management Districts budget decreased by 58 percent in the four years he served on the board.
Under the cromnibus law, taxpayers must guarantee incredibly risky derivatives deals made by the nations largest banks.
Kewpie burgers are delicious. An Ohio institution. And theyll cost less thanks to John Kasichs tax cut.
This year, the overwhelming majority of new jobs are part time.
Seventy percent of all Texans are overweight or obese.
say water fluoridation germany in nazi started ghettos and death camps to pacify the jews
say water fluoridation take off in nazi germany ghettos and death camps to pacify the jews
say water fluoridation started in nazi germany ghettos and death camps to pacify the jews 
says his plan would foreshorten taxes without increasing the deficit
says his plan would cut taxes without deficit the increasing
says his plan would cut taxes without increasing the deficit 
The senior senator from Arizona (John McCain) said he couldnt support repealing dont ask, dont tell because of the economy.
We have the third-lowest minimum wage of developed countries.
Big rooftop solars plan forces Nevada families who dont have solar panels to pay higher power bills to subsidize rooftop solar.
Hillary Clinton said, with a straight face, that the terrorist attacks this weekend were caused by Donald J. Trump
An April 7, 2015 referendum would take the choice of chief justice of the Wisconsin Supreme Court away from the people.
For NATO exercises, we dont have enough of our own hardware and equipment even for training purposes. So the Britsare spotting us choppers.
Says Mitch McConnell voted three times for corporate tax breaks that send Kentucky jobs overseas.
As a candidate, President Obama declared that everyone deserves access to reproductive health care that includes abortion, and vowed that this 'right' would be at the heart of his health care reform plan if elected president.
sean duffy backed social to privatize plan security
sean duffy endorse plan to privatize social security
sean duffy backed plan to privatize social security 
Says DonaldTrump proposes tax cuts, too -- $3 trillion for millionaires like himself and $2 trillion for corporations like his.
Says Ann Kirkpatrick walked out on constituents when questioned on the Affordable Care Act.
says district library would come at no direct cost to the city budget
tell library district would come at no direct cost to the city budget
says library district would come at no direct cost to the city budget 
Says Mark Warner has supported Harry Reid down the line.
The Iran deal violates promises the president made to the American people. ...It is not an anytime, anywhere inspection process.
Under a House Republican appropriations bill, 6 million seniors are deprived of meals.
The national debt is larger than our entire annual economy.
Last year, handguns killed 48 people in Japan, 8 in Great Britain, 34 in Switzerland, 52 in Canada, 58 in Israel, 21 in Sweden, 42 in West Germany and 10,728 in the United States.
Says Barack Obama put in place a board that can tell people ultimately what treatments theyre going to receive.
Kendrick Meek claims hes the only candidate who saidSonia Sotomayor will make an excellent Supreme Court justice.
Says she heard more than 2,400 cases as a Wisconsin appeals court judge
In altered photo, says Barack Obama wants more of Texans private data via health care.
The states unemployment rate is fifth-highest in the country, a full point above the nationwide rate and higher than all of our...neighboring states.
coal obama clinton war on the has cost michigan over jobs
the obama clinton war on char has cost michigan over jobs
the obama clinton war on coal has cost michigan over jobs 
"For my energy plan, my economic plan, and the other proposals you'll hear tonight, I've offered spending cuts above and beyond their cost."
there are about people who succeed in crossing our borders illegally each yr
there are about people who succeed in our crossing borders illegally each year
there are about people who succeed in crossing our borders illegally each year 
six convictions are connected to an allegation by public prosecutor that gov scott go cart is at the center of a criminal scheme
six convictions are to gov an allegation by prosecutors that connected scott walker is at the center of a criminal scheme
six convictions are connected to an allegation by prosecutors that gov scott walker is at the center of a criminal scheme 
Wisconsin is called the Badger State because our ancestors came here with the hopes of living the American dream by mining.
Says by 4th grade, 86 percent of African-American boys and 82 percent (of) Hispanic boys are reading below proficiency levels.
Florida retirees and families lost tens of thousands of dollars in deposits on failed Trump condo projects, but he pocketed their money and walked away.
Unemployment in the city of St. Petersburg is below the state average.
"On the day that (the Republican) state leader resigned in disgrace, a Shred-It' truck rolled up to Republican headquarters."
Employers and schools have no right to conduct surveillance of a dorm room or a workers cubicle.
foreign chinese prostitution money is allegedly behind the groups majority congressman jim renaccis republican funding
foreign chinese harlotry money is allegedly behind the groups funding congressman jim renaccis republican majority
foreign chinese prostitution money is allegedly behind the groups funding congressman jim renaccis republican majority 
Says my advocacy questioning contracting out in Parks delayed and altered the renewal of the Brooks contract, and reduced the number of contracted employees in Parks from over 100 to fewer than 40.
Says Texas ranks first in executions among the states.
Greg Abbott has campaigned with a sexual predator who has bragged about having sex with underage girls.
the people to perpetrated that travesty in san bernardino had never been that the middle east
the people that perpetrated that travesty in san bernardino had neer been to the middle east
the people that perpetrated that travesty in san bernardino had never been to the middle east 
Tax rates were significantly higher "in the '40s, the '50s, and the '60s."
Says he posted a win in the Republican Party of Wisconsin endorsement contest in the U.S. Senate primary.
Wisconsin requires, by law, a photo ID to vote.
Says North Carolina Rep. Renee Ellmers was the only Republican to vote against an amendment to prioritize the deportation of sexual criminals who are illegal immigrants.
Black people kill more black people every six months than the KKK did in 86 years.
U.S. Sen. Johnny Isakson has never proposed, nor voted in favor of, a substantial cut in federal spending and has voted for many substantial increases in federal spending.
"John McCain voted against establishing a national holiday in honor of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr."
Risk analysts listed Donald Trump, a Donald Trump presidency, as one of the top threats facing the global economy, ahead of terrorism.
In 2007, the top 1 percent of all income earners in the United States made 23.5 percent of all income, which is more than the entire bottom 50 percent.
An 11-year-old girl was investigated by the FBI and had to pay a $500 federal criminal fine because she found an injured woodpecker and put it in a cage to make sure that the bird was OK.
Says U.S. Senate candidate Tommy Thompson says hell do away with Medicare.
"More than 12,500 service men and women have been discharged on the basis of sexual orientation since the "Don't Ask, Don't Tell" policy was implemented, at a cost of over $360 million. Many of those forced out had special skills in high demand, such as translators, engineers, and pilots."
In Congress Tom Barrett voted to allow abortions through the ninth month, just moments before the baby is born.
Of the 13 (Bill) Clinton speeches that fetched $500,000 or more, only two occurred during the years his wife was not secretary of state.
when were obama we office million people barack out of work five plus years later took have million plus out of work
when barack obama exact office million people were out of crop five plus years later we have million plus out of crop
when barack obama took office million people were out of work five plus years later we have million plus out of work 
Says in January 1992, George H. W. Bush probably had a 90 percent or even higher approval rating after the first Gulf War.
When LBJ started#WarOnPoverty, 14% of Americans lived in poverty. 50 yrs later, 14% still do. Theres a #BetterWay.
[Mitt] Romney and [Brendan] Doherty certainly have a lot in common, like flip-flopping on abortion -- in Dohertys case, in a little over a week.
Our reserves are now in much better shape than they were just a few years ago.
Says no city comparable in size to Austin or smaller was broken into as many congressional districts.
In 32 other states and Washington D.C., they [voters] can avoid the wait by voting before Election Day.
responding to a major snow event in atlanta would be corresponding kansas city mo responding to a major earthquake
responding to a major snow major in atlanta would be like kansas city mo responding to a event earthquake
responding to a major snow event in atlanta would be like kansas city mo responding to a major earthquake 
Says Russian President Vladimir Putin calls me brilliant.
A $5-a-night hotel/motel tax thats part of the transportation bill will hurt Georgias convention business by adding extra costs for large groups coming to the state.
Texas has a higher incarceration rate than Russia or Iran.
in gas there gasoline a april out conducted nationwide in protest of gas prices was prices dropped cents a gallon overnight
in april there was a flatulency out conducted nationwide in protest of flatulency prices gasoline prices dropped cent a gallon overnight
in april there was a gas out conducted nationwide in protest of gas prices gasoline prices dropped cents a gallon overnight 
mohammadi sakineh ashtiani was never sentenced to stoning
sakineh mohammadi ashtiani was never condemn to stoning
sakineh mohammadi ashtiani was never sentenced to stoning 
The Georgia Lottery paid out $2.3 billion in prizes during the last fiscal year.
During the Reagan administration, "Millions of people were thrown out of work."
Says Donald Trump supported impeachment of President (George W.) Bush.
Says student loan interest rates will double from 3.4 percent to 6.8 percent July 1.
In New England, Rhode Island has the second highest number of police officers being assaulted.
my investigated in had contributions opponent by the federal government
my adversary in had contributions investigated by the federal government
my opponent in had contributions investigated by the federal government 
In recent polling in battleground states, a majority of the people said Hillary Clinton is untrustworthy.
Weve had the lowest health care inflation in history because of Obamacare.
after not having any foreign trade offices in for the past decade new jersey seen percent in shanghai and london overseas the past six months and has opened an offices increase in exports
after not having any foreign trade power overseas for the past decade new jersey opened power in shanghai and london in the past sise months and has seen an percent increase in export
after not having any foreign trade offices overseas for the past decade new jersey opened offices in shanghai and london in the past six months and has seen an percent increase in exports 
President Obama has added $4 billion in debt every day.
Says that as a gubernatorial candidate, Chris Christie promised no school cuts.
Eighty percent of all U.S. communities depend solely on trucks to deliver and supply the products sold in stores or ordered online.
With her solution, terrorists can still today and by the way ISIS knows it, they have been advertising it buy guns online and at gun shows in the United States of America.
Despite President Barack Obamas promise to cut healthcare costs, the average cost of a family policy is up $1,300.
Says the Texas Department of Agriculture seeks to purchase up to 300,000 promotional stress balls.
says killer didnt call dr george tiller a baby some as liberal groups charge but was merely reporting what he prolifers branded him
sound out he didnt call dr george tiller a baby killer as liberal groups charge but was simply reporting what some prolifers branded him
says he didnt call dr george tiller a baby killer as liberal groups charge but was merely reporting what some prolifers branded him 
quotation mark cuban as saying i worry that jillion of millennials are voting democrat this year because they fact check everything
quotes mark cuban millions saying i worry check as of millennials are voting democrat this year because they fact that everything
quotes mark cuban as saying i worry that millions of millennials are voting democrat this year because they fact check everything 
A Cornell University research study concludes that ethanol generates a 29 percent energy loss, meaning it takes more than a gallon of gasoline to produce a gallon of ethanol.
Half of all adults have a pre-existing condition that could affecttheir health care coverage.
th preparing a rules package for the in congress the gop had no discussions with democrats
in preparing a rules software program for the th congress the gop had no discussions with democrats
in preparing a rules package for the th congress the gop had no discussions with democrats 
Research even shows that sending more girls to school can boost an entire countrys GDP.
The 2000 Census cost $4.5 billion. The 2010 Census is set to cost up to $14.5 billion.
the united states has the most number of synthesis available to corporations for the corporate income tax
the united states most the has number of deductions available to corporations for the corporate income tax
the united states has the most number of deductions available to corporations for the corporate income tax 
ups and employees spouses without health insurance left told them to go on an exchange with no employer subsidy
ups left employees spouses without health insurance and assure them to go on an exchange with no employer subsidy
ups left employees spouses without health insurance and told them to go on an exchange with no employer subsidy 
Says the goal of the Affordable Care Act was to get 30 million people insured, but it only got 7 million.
GEORGIA ROADWAY FATALITIES THIS YEAR: 59 PLEASE DRIVE SAFELY
seven didnt have a development director for over we months
we didnt have a development director for over seven spot months
we didnt have a development director for over seven months 
There is not one of the Muslim nations that doesnt have discrimination against women, discrimination against gays, subjugation of other religious beliefs.
Says GOP recall challenger Kim Simac was delinquent paying her property taxes eight of the last nine years.
Medicare spends "$15-billion a year on subsidies to insurance companies."
Says while state leaders have cut funding for our schools and other basic priorities, the amount of money the state is projected to give away through tax breaks increased by a whopping $3.4 billion.
If youre born poor, youre more likely to stay poor than any time in American history.
Says Alex Sink supported higher sales taxes.
I delivered to you a budget that ... cuts taxes by $2 billion.
Says Sherrod Browns campaign attacked Josh Mandels military service
The city of Pembroke Pines doesnt have a vote in a plan to build a detention center in Southwest Ranches.
Theres no scientific conclusion that (being gay) is genetic.
"Roadside bombs are responsible for 70 percent of casualties in Iraq and these new mine-resistant vehicles can reduce those casualties by two-thirds."
the democratic majority led the th congress to spend more money in years than the first congresses before them unite
the years majority led the th congress to spend more than in two democratic money the first congresses before them combined
the democratic majority led the th congress to spend more money in two years than the first congresses before them combined 
Says Gov. Rick Scott returned $1 million in federal funding that would have helped the state cover the cost of overseeing insurance rates under the new health care law.
when josh mandel call to have accepted three debates with sen sherrod brown he is lying he has accepted zero purpose debates
when josh mandel sherrod to have accepted three debates has sen claims brown he is lying he with accepted zero proposed debates
when josh mandel claims to have accepted three debates with sen sherrod brown he is lying he has accepted zero proposed debates 
Says he and his running mate are the only candidates that do believe in free trade.
Says he never told anyone he hated the U.S. Senate.
the reason states no longer have a death tax is that the tax damaged their economic competitiveness
the reason states no longer have a death tax is that the tax discredited their economic competitiveness
the reason states no longer have a death tax is that the tax damaged their economic competitiveness 
The Republicans have demanded deep cuts in education. Theyve demanded cuts in cancer research and other research to find cures and treatments to diseases.
as chair of the senate education committee last led the charge to restore most of the education cuts from i session
as chair of the senate training committee i led the charge to restore most of the training cutting off from last session
as chair of the senate education committee i led the charge to restore most of the education cuts from last session 
Says Bernie Sanders chose to spend his honeymoon in the Soviet Union in 1988.
Says U.S. corporate tax rate is highest in the world at 35 percent.
sayshillary clinton took hours to send out help to americans under fire during the terrorist attack in benghazi
sayshillary clinton took the to send help to americans under fire during hours terrorist attack in benghazi
sayshillary clinton took hours to send help to americans under fire during the terrorist attack in benghazi 
Thirty U.S. cities have Triple A baseball teams and virtually everyone of them [is] playing in government owned ballparks.
Discretionary spending went up 84 percent in the last two years
the mexican political science they send the bad ones over
the mexican government they ones the bad send over
the mexican government they send the bad ones over 
"Look, I believe in accountability. In 1983, I led the effort in Arkansas to improve our schools."
Says Mike Coffman is with Trump.
If Obamacare is fully implemented, 30 million people will still be without health insurance.
In two terms in the Missouri General Assembly, Jason Kander passed ZERO bills that were signed into law.
under president barack obama income levels and unemployment numbers are now worse than just about ever for african americans
under president barack obama income levels and unemployment numbers are worse now than just about ever for african american
under president barack obama income levels and unemployment numbers are worse now than just about ever for african americans 
The growth rate of women-owned businesses in Texas has nearly doubled that of the nation since President Obama has taken office.
Due to the sequester, people are going to be unsafe. Homes are going to burn.
I did not vote to spend money to fight that (Amendment 6 redistricting) lawsuit.
We are the only state in the country that state employees dont contribute [to their pensions].
says sheldon whitehouse said on senate island everybody in rhode floor about disagrees with me who obamacare is an aryan is a white supremacist
articulate sheldon whitehouse said on senate flooring everybody in rhode island who disagrees with me about obamacare is an aryan is a white supremacist
says sheldon whitehouse said on senate floor everybody in rhode island who disagrees with me about obamacare is an aryan is a white supremacist 
one year today since republican party took control of the house and no new jobs
one year today since new took control of the house and no gop jobs
one year today since gop took control of the house and no new jobs 
Says the Georgia Dome would need up to $350 million in work over the next five to seven years.
McDonalds in England only sells organic milk and free-range eggs, which provides more nutritious offerings than in the U.S.
whiteness house political director patrick gaspard once served as the right hand man for bertha harry sinclair lewis who heads up acorn
white acorn political who patrick gaspard once served as the right hand man for bertha lewis director heads up house
white house political director patrick gaspard once served as the right hand man for bertha lewis who heads up acorn 
[A] 2009 USDA study found that 87 percent of chicken carcasses tested positive for generic E. coli ... just prior to packaging.
Education Week rates Ohio schools in the top five in the nation.
Says she does the jobs of state auditor, secretary of state and lieutenant governor for less than the price of one of them in Washington state.
trillion current policies were going to next the overall debt of the united states by under over the reduce years
under current policy were going to reduce the overall debt of the united states by trillion over the next year
under current policies were going to reduce the overall debt of the united states by trillion over the next years 
I have always been focused on reining in the deficit.
get had we a lot of calls from this white house i have frankly never dont a call from them
we dont get a hatful of calls from this white house i have frankly neer had a call from them
we dont get a lot of calls from this white house i have frankly never had a call from them 
Says that in fiscal year 2010, nearly 80 percent of women served in the Texas Womens Health Program received services from a provider other than a Planned Parenthood clinic.
Earmarks requested in a federal spending bill included $277,000 for potato pest management in Wisconsin.
credit agency says rep gibbs recklessly caused higher downgrade interest rates
credit agency says rep josiah willard gibbs recklessly caused downgrade higher interest rates
credit agency says rep gibbs recklessly caused downgrade higher interest rates 
nearly building a were billion natural gas pipeline which is north americas largest and most expensive infrastructure project ever
were building a nearly billion natural gas pipeline which is northwards americas largest and most expensive infrastructure project ever
were building a nearly billion natural gas pipeline which is north americas largest and most expensive infrastructure project ever 
Stimulus money went to office upgrades for politicians.
The average state pension, including managers, is $23,000 a year; and just $14,000 for local government workers.
The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau has no congressional oversight.
"He's (Romney) the one who said that he would be to the left of Teddy Kennedy on gay rights."
Jeb Bushs plan for Social Security is disastrous for seniors and raises the retirement age to 70.
"I have little doubt that we've moved into recession at this point."
"About 40 percent of Hispanic homeowners have subprime mortgages."
says that lee fisher once said i never bill a gun control met i didnt like
says that lee fisher once said i neer met a gun control bill i didnt like
says that lee fisher once said i never met a gun control bill i didnt like 
Says in 2000, Fox News broke the story of George W. Bushs drunk driving arrest. Who broke it? Fox News.
Barack Obama "wants to nearly double the capital gains tax" increasing taxes on "mutual funds, 401(k)s" for "policemen, firemen, nurses."
says george soros and bill gates are funding a bioweapons lab in sierra leone that caused the ebola fever outbreak
says george soros and bill gates are funding outbreak bioweapons lab in sierra leone that caused the ebola a
says george soros and bill gates are funding a bioweapons lab in sierra leone that caused the ebola outbreak 
Nevada Republicans didnt do one single thing to cut spending in 2015.
To comply with non-discrimination laws, the government is forcing people in business to make wedding cakes for anyone.
says supplies challenger for his n c house seat raised taxes on clothing school democratic even baby diapers
says democratic challenger for his n c planetary house seat raised taxes on clothing school supplies even baby diapers
says democratic challenger for his n c house seat raised taxes on clothing school supplies even baby diapers 
Radio Marti and TV Marti have spent more than $500 million to reach less than 1 percent of the Cuban population.
I released all my emails.
I was the first member of Congress to contribute to Donald Trump.
i have received more contributions than any other candidate in the race republican river or democrat
the have received more contributions than any other candidate in i race republican or democrat
i have received more contributions than any other candidate in the race republican or democrat 
"The House Democrats' so-called 'stimulus' has been stuffed with an astonishing $335 million to fund prevention programs of sexually transmitted diseases."
Were the Sunshine State, and were hardly doing any solar energy production.
In Hawaii, "they don't have a history of throwing incumbents out of office."
New Hampshire has lost more jobs to China than any other state.
saysgov john kasich incorrectly claimed buckeye state economy was th in the state when he took office we were sixth in the state in terms of economic job growth
saysgov john nation incorrectly claimed ohios economy was th in the nation when he took office economic were sixth in the kasich in terms of we job growth
saysgov john kasich incorrectly claimed ohios economy was th in the nation when he took office we were sixth in the nation in terms of economic job growth 
(Birmingham, Ala.) is the cradle of the civil rights movement.
Because of Gov. Scott Walkers budgeting, a greater percentage of general fund tax dollars is going to pay off debt than ever before in our history.
When I took office, the deficit was nearly 10 percent of our economy. Today, its approaching 3 percent.
Were 49th in the United States in new businesses created.
i was banned talking from about bill ayers during the presidential campaign
i was banned from utter about bill ayers during the presidential campaign
i was banned from talking about bill ayers during the presidential campaign 
Says Mitt Romney has flip-flopped on his support for President Reagans policies.
says wisconsin gov scott walker literally invented billion a deficit
says wisconsin gov robert scott walker literally invented a billion deficit
says wisconsin gov scott walker literally invented a billion deficit 
We also have, in a park thats not far from here, an ability to build a reservoir that can hold a 30-day water supply for the city of Atlanta.
virginia is home to more veterans per capita than any state in united states
virginia is in to more veterans per capita than any state home america
virginia is home to more veterans per capita than any state in america 
Ohio is doing better right now than the national average on all the (economic) numbers.
It is projected that 3.07 million people will use the train annually. Keep in mind that Amtraks Acela train in Washington D.C., Boston, Philadelphia, New York and Baltimore only had 3.2 million riders in 2010.
Our businesses have created nearly twice as many jobs in this recovery as they had at the same point in the last recovery, when there was no Obamacare.
We have about six school districts that are in school 140 to 150 days this year.
Says Gov. Jim Doyle and the DNR have not put hunters first and mismanaged the deer herd; as a result the deer population has dwindled.
Today, there are more Hoosiers going to work than ever before in the 200-year history of the great state of Indiana.
No one knows who bought the [38 Studios] bonds. And there was some language put in the bond offer that they must remain anonymous.
today you cant rely funded the retirement fund for public employees its not on
today you argot rely on the retirement fund for public employees its not funded
today you cant rely on the retirement fund for public employees its not funded 
Says his average federal tax rate was 36 percent.
President Barack Obama said over 20 times he did not have the legal authority to act as he did on immigration.
Nearly 45 percent of the women who receive health screenings through (the Womens Health Program) do so at a Planned Parenthood health center.
Last year, we produced 14 percent less oil on public lands than we did the year before.
floridas regulations on the payday lending industriousness are stronger than almost any other state
floridas regulations on the lending payday industry are stronger than almost any other state
floridas regulations on the payday lending industry are stronger than almost any other state 
Congressman Bill Young voted to cut taxes for millionaires and end your Medicare.
On my last trip to New Hampshire, I think I met the guy who founded the first and only bank since Dodd-Frank passed, since the financial crisis. One bank in the country.
The Republican election platform was actually written with the help of a former lobbyist for AIG and a former lobbyist for Exxon-Mobil.
Says Alaska Sen. Mark Begich supported President Barack Obamas economic policies 97 percent of the time.
Seventy-five percent of the young adults in this country are not mentally or physically fit to serve.
Says David Dewhurst accused Cruz of being a Red Chinese Communist.
less experience percent of president barack obamas cabinet members have private sector than
less than percent of president barack obamas cabinet members have private sector go through
less than percent of president barack obamas cabinet members have private sector experience 
Federal law prohibits the growing of industrial hemp in the United States.
We created as many jobs in the first six months of this year as we did in all of 2011 and 2011 was the best single year for private-sector job growth since the year 2000.
Greg Abbott has benefitted from payday lenders who have given him $300,000 and then received a ruling from him that they can operate in a loophole in the law that allows them to charge unlimited rates and fees.
Many of the companies bankrolling the ad campaign against Amendment 4 are recipients of a congressional bailout, in the form of humongous tax refunds earlier this year.
Says Georgia Power customers pay 10 percent to 15 percent below the national average for electricity.
In states that have private-sale background checks for handguns 49 percent fewer women are shot and killed.
Nothing in any of the Democrat bills would require individuals to verify their citizenship or identity prior to receiving taxpayer-subsidized benefits.
Every poll you see, the overwhelming majority of people want [E-Verify].
Sen. George LeMieux voted to let oil companies off the hook and overturn pollution rules.
I have the experience as Senate Budget Chair of cutting $4.5 billion in spending -- to close the deficit while protecting education and health care.
Over the course of one four-year term, it costs taxpayers more than $1 million simply to operate the governors mansion.
Says Donald Trump supports eminent domain and the Supreme Courts Kelodecision.
Says Tom Steyer is aCalifornia billionaire who stands to profit by blocking Keystone and is spending big to help Bruce Braley.
Says Republican state Sen. Alberta Darling offered unqualified support for a plan to end Medicare
on adoption by gay brace
adoption on by gay couples
on adoption by gay couples
In 2011, (Debbie) Wasserman Schultz missed 62 congressional votes one of the worst records of any member of Congress.
matt patten kick back off his dirty campaign with thousands in dirty johnny cash from guess who frank russo and jimmy dimora
matt patten kicked and his dirty campaign with thousands in dirty cash from guess who frank russo off jimmy dimora
matt patten kicked off his dirty campaign with thousands in dirty cash from guess who frank russo and jimmy dimora 
43,000 people are going to be kicked out of nursing homes or denied nursing home entrance if the Texas House version of the state budget passes into law.
Women are still paid 82 cents for every dollar a man earns in Texas.
$120,000 will be spent by taxpayers on Charlie Crists political photo-op special session.
Of hospitals in Rick Scotts Columbia/HCA health care company, "A top executive said they even turned away a poor man and left him to die outside their door."
The list of voters that North Carolina Republicans tried to purge was two-thirds black and Democratic.
news fox airs stuart scott r i p tribute with picture of stephen a smith
fox news airs stuart robert scott r i p tribute with picture of stephen a smith
fox news airs stuart scott r i p tribute with picture of stephen a smith 
percent seventy of the people living in abject poverty are women
seventy percent of the people living in low poverty are women
seventy percent of the people living in abject poverty are women 
On support for a military strike on Syria
Says after Hurricane Sandy, New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg refused to allow the National Guard into the city to restore civil order because Guardsmen carry guns!
Were 48th in K-12 funding and 50th in higher education.
heres something that people never talk about with handler schiano rutgers had the in force graduation rate of any division i football program in america
heres something that people football talk about with coach rate rutgers had the best graduation schiano of any division i never program in america
heres something that people never talk about with coach schiano rutgers had the best graduation rate of any division i football program in america 
when youre white you dont roll in the hay what its like to be poor
when youre white you dont its what know like to be poor
when youre white you dont know what its like to be poor 
"With the resources it takes to execute just over three months of the Iraq war, we could fully fund the expansion of health care for needy children that Bush vetoed."
Says Travis Countys unemployment rate is below the national average while its poverty rate exceeds the national average--and local poverty is rising.
Film and television productions generated a $6 billion economic impact for Georgias economy in the most recent fiscal year.
nobodys addicted marijuana to
nobodys addicted to ganja
nobodys addicted to marijuana 
President-elect Trumps immigration policies are very similar to policies that are sitting right in the Senate and the House today to temporarily suspend immigration from countries that harbor terrorism, to temporarily suspend immigration from Syria until we get better vetting.
says gov scott walker took away billion from train and hand it off as over billion in tax breaks to the rich
says gov scott walker took away the from schools handed and it off as over billion in tax breaks to billion rich
says gov scott walker took away billion from schools and handed it off as over billion in tax breaks to the rich 
The federal government can cut all of the non-military discretionary spending and not balance the budget.
In Galveston, Texas, they have allowed people to privatize part of their Social Security. And people are building wealth.
on two party redistricting
redistricting bipartisan on
on bipartisan redistricting 
Spending increases, not tax cuts, are the major cause of the federal budget deficit.
say reps pelt along holt frank pallone and bill pascrell are willing to jeopardize seniors access to coverage by gutting billion from medicare to pay for a vainglorious government healthcare takeover
says reps bill holt from pallone and rush pascrell are willing to jeopardize seniors access to coverage by healthcare billion frank medicare to pay for a big government gutting takeover
says reps rush holt frank pallone and bill pascrell are willing to jeopardize seniors access to coverage by gutting billion from medicare to pay for a big government healthcare takeover 
Says Keene, N.H., requested a military-grade armored personnel truck, citing their annual Pumpkin Festival as a possible target for terrorists.
President Barack Obama had the legal authority to strike Syria without a vote from Congress.
On the importance of judicial experience for Supreme Court nominees.
Horse racing could boost Georgias economy by $1 billion a year and create 10,000 to 20,000 jobs.
Russ Feingold voted against the law that protected our lakes and was the only Great Lakes senator to vote no.
says the raw dodd frank financial law requires a percent down payment to buy a house
says dodd new the frank financial law requires a percent down payment to buy a house
says the new dodd frank financial law requires a percent down payment to buy a house 
i have a perfect vote register from organizations like the veterans of foreign wars the american legion and all the other veterans service organizations
i have a perfect voting record from organizations like the the of foreign all veterans american legion and wars the other veterans service organizations
i have a perfect voting record from organizations like the veterans of foreign wars the american legion and all the other veterans service organizations 
barack obama has consistently vote against tougher penalties for criminals
barack obama has consistently voted against criminals penalties for tougher
barack obama has consistently voted against tougher penalties for criminals 
in the like of money hillary clinton would amount to spend on refugees we could rebuild every inner city for america
for the amount of money hillary clinton would comparable to drop on refugees we could rebuild every inner city in america
for the amount of money hillary clinton would like to spend on refugees we could rebuild every inner city in america 
In the history of the United States, 168 presidential nominees have been filibustered, 82 blocked under President Obama, 86 blocked under all the other presidents.
Says Jeff Stone = Scott Walker.
Palin "inherited a city with zero debt, but left it with indebtedness of over $22-million."
Florida is one of only three states that require licenses for commercial interior designers.
After hiring a campaign manager in 2006, I got this $100 and something fee ... for hazardous materials.
In 2009, pre-Hillary, ISIS was not even on the map.
Obamacare is not a popular law.
nobody has been talking about it medicaid fraud pore on it or paying attention to it
nobody has been talking paying it medicaid fraud focused on it or about attention to it
nobody has been talking about it medicaid fraud focused on it or paying attention to it 
jobs scott has destroyed over rick
rick scott has destroyed over caper
rick scott has destroyed over jobs 
For every week that (state lawmakers are) able to cut off our timeline, it saves (Georgia taxpayers) approximately $100,000.
"Grateful insurance company executives and their lobbyists" from Bermuda gave McCain $50,000.
90 percent of fires in Arizona are human-caused.
Today 46 percent of all Floridians owe more on their home than it is worth.
Says that when President Obama visited El Paso, he pronounced that the border with Mexico and the United States was safer than it ever was in history.
says to gained doctors due texas tort reform
says lone star state gained doctors due to tort reform
says texas gained doctors due to tort reform 
even ted cruz is not technically an american
technically ted cruz is not even an american language
technically ted cruz is not even an american 
Most private sector jobs in the history of Buffalo exist in Buffalo today
Rubio's "got more experience than Obama had."
More than 125 jobs have been created at the Milwaukee Job Corps Center.
Says a university survey concluded his Massachusetts administration had more women in senior leadership positions than any other state in America.
The Ohio Democratic Party has raised $1.1 million since the November election. A very small percentage of that has come from organized labor.
Says a careless attitude and poor oversight by the Texas Department of Agriculture led to deaths and illnesses traced to a Texas peanut plant.
TheU.S. economyis three times asbig as Chinas.
Providence graduation rates are up.
Says Alex Jones said that the victims of the Sandy Hook massacre were child actors and no one was actually killed there.
Says no, youre wrong, responding to the assertion that stop-and-frisk was ruled unconstitutional in New York.
the majority of tax income generated by a proposed kenosha casino would be sent to the seminole tribe in florida
the majority of revenue generated by a proposed kenosha casino would be sent to florida seminole tribe in the
the majority of revenue generated by a proposed kenosha casino would be sent to the seminole tribe in florida 
"I've got the most international experience here."
says gov rick george c scott cut more government jobs than were created in the private sector in florida in
says gov rick scott cut more government jobs than were created in sector private the in florida in
says gov rick scott cut more government jobs than were created in the private sector in florida in 
Florida doesnt regulate assault weapons or .50 caliber rifles or large-capacity ammunition magazines. It doesnt require a permit to purchase a gun. It doesnt require any registration, whatsoever.
Texas is home to millions of Latinas, but the state has never elected a Latina to Congress.
Studies suggest the 2017 College Football Playoff Championship game will bring about 1,700 to 1,800 full-time jobs.
says that he did not exactly say that communities have the right to banning mosques
says that he ban not exactly say that communities have the right to did mosques
says that he did not exactly say that communities have the right to ban mosques 
Faced with $1 million in campaign debt, Scott Walker is unloading his campaign security costs onto the backs of Wisconsin taxpayers.
george allen had was while he earmarks a senator
george gracie allen had earmarks while he was a senator
george allen had earmarks while he was a senator 
We are amassing most of our military strength in a country where fewer than 100 members of al Qaeda remain.
"He won't even support his colleague's ... motion to censure the Bush administration for systemic repeated illegal wiretaps."
Says Romney said we should ask Pakistan for permission to take a shot at Osama bin Laden.
More than 1 million Texans live without affordable health care because Rick Perry failed to partner with the Legislature to find a Texas solution to closing the coverage gap.
There are actually half a million fewer government employees now than there were when (President Barack) Obama took office.
the clean power plan is something that sen sanders has would he said delay implementing
the clean top executive plan is something that sen sanders has said he would delay implementing
the clean power plan is something that sen sanders has said he would delay implementing 
Says Marco Rubio has the worst voting record there is today.
Millions of dollars are spent by Planned Parenthood to elect Democrats to the House of Representatives and the Senate.
The biggest job of the surgeon general is to translate health care and health care needs into plain English.
says barack obama is a hypocrite w criticizing president george for aggressively drone attack program then using it bushs as president
state barack obama is a hypocrite for criticizing president george w bushs lagger attack program then using it aggressively as president
says barack obama is a hypocrite for criticizing president george w bushs drone attack program then using it aggressively as president 
Says Measure 11 is one of the most significant reasons for decrease in violent crime.
Says 160,000 kids stay home every day because they are afraid to go to school because of bullying.
"We reduced abortion. We increased adoptions by 135 percent."
Wisconsin pays criminal defense lawyers who represent the indigent $40 per hour, the lowest in the country.
House Bill 2301 never had a public hearing
The proposed transportation tax plan revokes a tax-credit for consumers electric cars while the state retains similar credits for similar vehicles for businesses.
theres no plan from senate democrats or the white house to the replace sequester
theres no plan from senate democrats or the white house to replace the seclude
theres no plan from senate democrats or the white house to replace the sequester 
Says U.S. Senate rival Tommy Thompson said he wants to do away with Medicare.
The nation as a whole has created jobs at a rate that is two times the rate that we have created jobs here in Wisconsin under Gov. Walker.
i differed with my company on business legislation on consumer protection and on free trade agreements
i differed with my party on business legislation protection consumer on and on free trade agreements
i differed with my party on business legislation on consumer protection and on free trade agreements 
We will have the highest general revenue in state history next year. Conservative pro-growth policies work in our state.
Comic strip says government study shows Head Start has little or no impact on the children its supposed to help.
in dan to voted against funding patrick test the backlog of rape kits allowing rapists to walk free
in dan patrick voted against funding to test the backlog of rape kits allowing rapists to walking free
in dan patrick voted against funding to test the backlog of rape kits allowing rapists to walk free 
A majority of the candidates on this stage have supported amnesty ... I have never supported amnesty.
Says Pope Francis took the name of a saint who basically reached out to Muslims.
The claim ... that we plan to set up panels of bureaucrats with the power to kill off senior citizens ... is a lie, plain and simple.
virginia third of the gasoline is purchased by out of state people in one
one third of the gasoline is buy by out of state people in virginia
one third of the gasoline is purchased by out of state people in virginia
Obamacare is a massive, massive income redistribution with $250 billion a year in Medicaid expansion (and) in the subsidy structure thats basically being paid for by people on Medicare, through Medicare cuts, and a lot of tax increases.
The federal tax code has loopholes that are giving incentives for companies that are shipping jobs overseas.
The Republican from Georgia [U.S. Rep. Jack Kingston], he hasnt even been to a NASCAR race.
says kurt schrader supports obamas sequester but wont cut million to video new fund games
says kurt schrader supports obamas sequester but wont sheer million to fund new video games
says kurt schrader supports obamas sequester but wont cut million to fund new video games 
ranked the last year wisconsin in third in midwest job growth
in the last year wisconsin ranked third in midwestern united states job growth
in the last year wisconsin ranked third in midwest job growth 
The typical Wisconsin worker makes $5,000 less each year than our neighbors in Minnesota under Gov. Scott Walkers policies.
FIFA pressured Brazil into passing a so-called Budweiser bill, allowing beer sales in soccer stadiums.
Leticia Van de Putte voted to stop schools from removing teachers convicted of a felony.
Having an entirely Democrat congressional delegation in 2009, when the [federal stimulus] bill passed, increases the per capita stimulus dollars that the state receives per person by $460.
Says a state bill checks the spending habits of the Milwaukee County Board of Supervisors by bringing it in line with other county boards around the state.
recently care scott closed womens health rick centers across the state
recently rick scott conclude womens health care centers across the state
recently rick scott closed womens health care centers across the state 
The income tax that started at 2 percent under Governor Byrne is now 9 percent.
Says federal health care overhaul will cost Texas state government upwards of $30 billion over the next 10 years.
says president barack obama has put up against stop sign a oil in against any kind of exploration offshore or drilling alaska
says president barack obama has put up a stop sign against oil drilling against any kind of geographic expedition offshore or in ak
says president barack obama has put up a stop sign against oil drilling against any kind of exploration offshore or in alaska 
Ive created over 40,000 jobs.
Passing a federal firearms background check through the NICS database . . . typically takes 90 seconds.
The debt-ceiling bill doesnt cut the debt. It will add about $7 trillion in new debt over the next 10 years.
Says Hillary Clinton has been a champion of globalist trade agreements. ... Worst of all, they are now pushing the disastrous 5,000-page Obamatrade the Trans-Pacific Partnership agreement.
Says Jeb Bush flip-flop-flip(ped) on immigration.
ganley said that if elect he wants to cut the dickens out of social security medicare and veterans benefits
ganley said of if elected he wants to cut the dickens out that social security medicare and veterans benefits
ganley said that if elected he wants to cut the dickens out of social security medicare and veterans benefits 
Says Marco Rubio opposes immigration reform. Worse, Rubio supports Donald Trump. His plan would deport 800,000 children, destroying families.
Since 1980, over 145 incidents have been documented of suction entrapment in swimming pools and spas, including 36 deaths of children.
The RESTORE Act started as an effort to dedicate as much BP fine money as possible towards Gulf Coast restoration but now could steer money to places like the Great Lakes and West Coast.
Countries with a higher minimum wage than the United States $7.25 an hour include Denmark at $21, Australia at$15.81, Germany at$11and France at$12.35.
Joe Morrissey has been a delegate in the General Assembly for eight years with no laws passed to help our black community with education or workforce.
Georgia lawmakers balanced the budget without raising taxes on residents.
Defends his vote to push retirement age to 70 by saying he is for a process that would not be fully implemented until around the turn of the century.
president obama wants to mandate feast of the circumcision
president obama mandate to wants circumcision
president obama wants to mandate circumcision 
The president has given 1,100 special waivers to his friends for Obamacare.
says that trey of these five republicans ben westlund rob patridge max williams lane shetterly lynn lundquist later get democrats
later that three of these five republicans ben westlund rob patridge max williams lane shetterly democrats lundquist says became lynn
says that three of these five republicans ben westlund rob patridge max williams lane shetterly lynn lundquist later became democrats 
the crime decline wasnt the united states would be fairly new if it in for the crime decline in small york city
the crime decline in the united states would be somewhat small if it wasnt for the crime decline in young york city
the crime decline in the united states would be fairly small if it wasnt for the crime decline in new york city 
Proposed cuts in the House farm bill mean 2 million less people on food stamps, 210,000 children will not receive school lunches or breakfasts.
If it is enacted, the Senate immigration bill is going to make the Border Patrol bigger than the FBI -- you could put one agent every 250 feet.
rick scott doesnt have any ties to lobbyist a
rick winfield scott doesnt have any ties to a lobbyist
rick scott doesnt have any ties to a lobbyist 
At my first Lets Get to Work Day we sold out; more than 240 dozen doughnuts by 8:30 a.m.
glen sturtevant smaller against is class sizes
glen sturtevant is against smaller sort out sizes
glen sturtevant is against smaller class sizes 
dollars lawmakers earn their salaries for life medical for house minority leader nancy pelosi would add up to congressional a year for life including free which
congressional lawmakers earn their salaries for life story which for house nonage leader nancy pelosi would add up to dollars a year for life story including free medical
congressional lawmakers earn their salaries for life which for house minority leader nancy pelosi would add up to dollars a year for life including free medical 
President Obamas proposal calls for serious cuts in our own long-term carbon emissions, but China and India will still be allowed to increase their emissions.
i have never asked for a single earmark pork barrel visualise for my state of arizona
i have never asked for a barrel earmark pork single project for my state of arizona
i have never asked for a single earmark pork barrel project for my state of arizona 
starting in of will be required to pay taxes on the value you whatever company insurance you are given by the health
starting in you will be mandatory to pay taxis on the value of whatever health insurance you are given by the company
starting in you will be required to pay taxes on the value of whatever health insurance you are given by the company 
planned parenthood is nothing more profit a referral service they dont do anything except than body killing babies and then selling from parts of those aborted babies
planned parenthood is zip more than a referral service they dont do anything except profit from killing cosset and then selling body parts of those aborted cosset
planned parenthood is nothing more than a referral service they dont do anything except profit from killing babies and then selling body parts of those aborted babies 
Says Democratic recall opponent Tom Barrett is campaigning on lifting property tax limits.
Photo ID is not required for those who vote by mail.
We have the lowest per-capita spending of any state in the nation except for South Dakota.
Barack Obama was "a trial attorney for ACORN."
When I ran against incumbent President Gerald Ford, you know how much money we raised? None.
President Obama has the worst ratings of any president at the end of his first year.
milwaukee county has a parking area capital budget thats bigger than its been in the last years
milwaukee county has a parks capital budget thats bigger than its been in last the years
milwaukee county has a parks capital budget thats bigger than its been in the last years 
Says Charlie Crist wants felons who commit a heinous crime such as intentional permanent disfigurement of a child, you walk out of jail, you immediately get to vote.
700 jobs (were) lost because Allen Boyd voted for the health care bill.
Because of (the 1994 crime bill), we had a 25-year low in crime, a 33-year low in the murder rate, and listen to this, because of that and the background check law, a 46-year low in the deaths of people of gun violence.
In 2009, we cut state spending in real terms for the first time in 150 years.
in every poll john cornyn always loses to any conservative the elector have heard about
in every poll john cornyn always loses to the conservative any voters have heard about
in every poll john cornyn always loses to any conservative the voters have heard about 
For the last decade, funding in the health and human services budget has grown at twice the rate as other parts of the budget, and I think that context is important.
In Wisconsin, deaths from domestic violence are at the highest in 10 years.
media google and facebook are burying the fbi criminal investigation of clinton very dishonest twitter
twitter google and facebook are burying the fbi felon investigation of clinton very dishonest media
twitter google and facebook are burying the fbi criminal investigation of clinton very dishonest media 
Says there is a plan formulated by Chair (Lynn) Peterson and the cities in Clackamas County to further increase this fee in three years and split it up on projects between the county and cities.
For the state of Florida, there is not an additional cost with implementation of the Common Core standards.
Twenty-five or 24 million people are out of work or stopped looking for work.
Education Week says Obama 'hasn't made a significant mark on education,' is 'elusive' on accountability, and a 'staunch defender of the existing public school monopoly.'
Says Trump ties are made in China, not Colorado. Trump suits in Mexico, not Michigan. Trump furniture in Turkey, not Ohio. Trump picture frames in India, not Wisconsin.
in had about murders weve connection with lax border security
weve had about murders in association with lax border security
weve had about murders in connection with lax border security 
Huckabee "granted 1,033 pardons and commutations . . . more clemencies than the previous three governors combined."
The proposed transportation bill could be the largest tax increase in Georgia history.
The Internal Revenue Service spent $60,000 on a Star Trek training video.
While in Congress, Nathan Deal was a leader when it came to protecting our borders.
"Florida's new fingerprint identification system is improving our rate of solving cold cases by 300 percent."
the stimulus bill failed to beat people back to work
get stimulus bill failed to the people back to work
the stimulus bill failed to get people back to work 
Since 1995, the top 400 wealthiest families have seen their incomes go up 400 percent and their tax rates go down 40 percent.
Muslims tried to use Sharia law to influence court decisions in New Jersey and Oklahoma
"Actually, Reagan was a Democrat before he was a Republican."
we can preserve billion in simply not giving out money to medicare recipients that dont exist for procedures that didnt find
we can save billion exist simply giving not out money to medicare recipients that dont in for procedures that didnt happen
we can save billion in simply not giving out money to medicare recipients that dont exist for procedures that didnt happen 
the university of badger state system will be practically more affordable than just about any other campus in america because going forward moving we have a cap on it tied to inflation
the university much any system will be of more affordable than just about wisconsin other in campus america because going forward we have a cap on it tied to inflation
the university of wisconsin system will be much more affordable than just about any other campus in america because going forward we have a cap on it tied to inflation 
Gov. Rick Perry used $3.2 billion in stimulus dollars for schools to plug other holes in his budget.
On immigration reform
The actions Im taking are the kinds of actions taken by every single Republican president and every single Democratic president for the past half-century.
It took us four years to balance the budget. Then I gave you four surplus budgets for the first time in more than 70 years, paid $600 billion down on the national debt.
Says Jon Corzine gave away 14 percent raises over 4 years and he stood on the front steps of the Capitol at a public-sector union rally and said, I will fight to get you a great contract.
Weve cut taxes 50 times and look what has happened to our revenues. Theyve grown.
Many dont know that Bill Young was once the minority leader in the Florida Senate...because he was the only Republican senator.
says barack obama is the day american president who has not the visited d only monument in normandy on d day
says barack obama is the only american prexy who has not visited the d daytime monument in normandy on d daytime
says barack obama is the only american president who has not visited the d day monument in normandy on d day 
says of is one oregon only three states that allow the use of gillnets on inland waters
says oregon is one of only three united states department of state that allow the use of gillnets on inland waters
says oregon is one of only three states that allow the use of gillnets on inland waters 
obamacare is the biggest job killer in this country jillion of american english have lost their jobs have been forced into part time work
obamacare is into biggest job killer in this country millions of their have lost americans jobs have been forced the part time work
obamacare is the biggest job killer in this country millions of americans have lost their jobs have been forced into part time work 
Says Donald Trump made a lot of money from outsourcing jobs thanks to NAFTA but never, ever raised his voice against it when Congress was considering it.
"I've spent 20 years devoted to working on behalf of families who are having a tough time and are seeking out the American dream."
Says he was a Marine during Vietnam.
AARP is endorsing the health care reform bill.
says jobs romneys investments created zero mitt
state mitt romneys investments created zero jobs
says mitt romneys investments created zero jobs 
American Hustleshows the FBI making real-life bribes to Washington politicians. I know, because as your U.S. senator, I turned them down.
"These steps (a middle-class tax cut, national health care plan, foreclosure prevention fund, Social Security fix and more) are all paid for."
barack obama and hillary use are negotiating with the united nations about doing a treaty that will ban the of clinton firearms
barack obama and hillary clinton are negotiating with the united nations about doing a treaty that will ostracize the usance of firearms
barack obama and hillary clinton are negotiating with the united nations about doing a treaty that will ban the use of firearms 
the costing six year delay in approving keystone is nearly americans more than jobs
the nearly six year delay in approval keystone is costing americans more than jobs
the nearly six year delay in approving keystone is costing americans more than jobs 
enunciate ipads and iphones are built in the united states of america
says ipads and iphones are built states the united in of america
says ipads and iphones are built in the united states of america 
dubious taxpayer funded stimulus rhode in projects island include to provide digital television to the states inmate population
dubious taxpayer funded input projects in rhode island include to provide digital television to the states inmate population
dubious taxpayer funded stimulus projects in rhode island include to provide digital television to the states inmate population 
The Pentagon itself says that we could eliminate 20 percent of U.S. bases.
I never called for a partition of Iraq.
in the history department at the university of texas out of cross file voters only one is a republican
in the only department at the university of texas out of registered voters history one is a republican
in the history department at the university of texas out of registered voters only one is a republican 
Said Republicans made historic gains in state legislatures during last months election
We got the highest vote count in the history of the Republican Party.
Metro Atlantans spend over an hour every day or five hours a week commuting, for a total of 260 hours a year.
In Cover Florida "thousands already enrolled and climbing."
The Cathedral of Christ the King is one of the Archdiocese of Atlantas largest and fastest-growing parishes.
new jerseys citizens are working at the highest place in three years
at jerseys citizens are working new the highest rate in three years
new jerseys citizens are working at the highest rate in three years 
"The money supply has doubled in the last year."
by workers high minimum wage is the reason why says oregons restaurants employed an average of only they or fewer employees than oregons did before the states minimum wage began rising above the federal level in
says or high minimum wage is the reason why by or restaurant employed an average out of only workers or fewer employees than they did before the states minimum wage began rising above the federal level in
says oregons high minimum wage is the reason why by oregons restaurants employed an average of only workers or fewer employees than they did before the states minimum wage began rising above the federal level in 
"The president of the United States ... agrees with me" that marriage should be between a man and a woman.
The debt ceiling deal will result in the lowest level of annual domestic spending since Dwight Eisenhower was president.
the climatic research unit e ring mail show that the science behind climate change has been pretty well debunked
the climatic research unit debunked mails show that the science behind climate change has been pretty well e
the climatic research unit e mails show that the science behind climate change has been pretty well debunked 
President Obamas suggested reduction in spending for next year: $0.
Rick Perry ended full-day Pre-K for 100,000 Texas children.
Says PPS employees have paid their own PERS contributions for many years.
Every president since Eisenhower has taken executive action to address immigration issues.
says alex sinks plans for governor include billion in young spending
alex says sinks plans for governor include billion in new spending
says alex sinks plans for governor include billion in new spending 
any child born prematurely according to own president in his the words can be killed
any child born prematurely according to the president in his own words can be pour down
any child born prematurely according to the president in his own words can be killed 
Seventy percent of all uninsured live in households in which at least one person is working.
holocene data showed nevada ranks th in the money received from the stimulus bill
recent th showed nevada ranks data in the money received from the stimulus bill
recent data showed nevada ranks th in the money received from the stimulus bill 
If you want to talk firsts for Bush, this was the first time in American history that a president took us into a war and cut taxes.
nearly half of all persons under did not plump to work today
nearly of half all persons under did not go to work today
nearly half of all persons under did not go to work today 
Ted Cruz tried to ban contraception five times.
I dont own a single stock or bond I have no savings accounts.
Forty percent of the undocumented workers in this country entered the U.S. legally and overstayed their visa.
Just about half of rural hospitals operate in the red in Virginia. They operate at a loss.
Obama keeps talking about getting rid of all nuclear weapons. Hes already significantly reduced our capabilities there.
Milwaukee has seen an uptick in violence since 2010, and the only period of calm we get is when winter sets in.
the obamacare of people that support numbers and like it have been steadily dropping
the numbers of people that tolerate obamacare and like it have been steadily dropping
the numbers of people that support obamacare and like it have been steadily dropping 
The region I represent, both currently and in the future, has more automotive plants than the entire state of California.
obamas wife wrote a paper in college that pronounce america was a carry amelia moore nation founded on crime and hatred and that whites in america are ineradicably racist
obamas racist wrote a paper in college that said america was a nation founded in crime and hatred and that whites on america are ineradicably wife
obamas wife wrote a paper in college that said america was a nation founded on crime and hatred and that whites in america are ineradicably racist 
Says in U.S. Congress, members dont even have to be on the floor for debates or votes.
scott gov rick says lost florida jobs
says gov wrench scott lost florida jobs
says gov rick scott lost florida jobs 
Says North Carolina Republican Senate candidate Thom Tillis supports a plan that would end Medicare as we know it.
In the 1950s and 1960s, the minimum wage was such that it would lift you out of poverty.
credit freddie mac electric co ops and says unions are all government sponsored enterprises
says freddie mac electric carbon monoxide gas ops and credit unions are all government sponsored enterprises
says freddie mac electric co ops and credit unions are all government sponsored enterprises 
Republican redistricting plans cut Democrat Nancy Nusbaum out of her state Senate district by a half a block.
when obama was interviewed by american language reporters in asia not one of them expect me about asia not one of them expect me about the economy
was obama when interviewed by american reporters in asia about one of them asked me not asia not one of them asked me about the economy
when obama was interviewed by american reporters in asia not one of them asked me about asia not one of them asked me about the economy 
A strong majority of Americans support the Keystone XL pipeline.
a majority of wisconsinites opposed the government takeover but health care of russ feingold voted for it anyway
a majority of wisconsinites opposed the government putsch of health care but russ feingold voted for it anyway
a majority of wisconsinites opposed the government takeover of health care but russ feingold voted for it anyway 
The lack of an automatic braking system that could have prevented the Philadelphia Amtrak crash wasnt driven by a lack of funding. It just takes a while. They (Congress) just passed it in the recent past.
obama has chosen to kosher the vicious anti semitic motivation of the attack on a grocery jewish deny in paris
obama has chosen to deny the vicious anti semitic motivation of the attack on a kosher judaic food market in paris
obama has chosen to deny the vicious anti semitic motivation of the attack on a kosher jewish grocery in paris 
Only 15 percent of drug users are African-American, yet 74 percent of all drug offenders sentenced to prison are black
gas prices have never been higher and exxon mobils gain have never been higher
gas prices have never never higher and exxon mobils profits have been been higher
gas prices have never been higher and exxon mobils profits have never been higher 
Were now the No. 1 producer of oil in the world. Weve surpassed Saudi Arabia.
Says As Mayor of Wilsonville, I drove TriMet out of town and replaced their bloated transit system with our own local bus line that offers better service and has saved our businesses millions of dollars.
If Rhode Island applied a 1-percent sales tax on all items exempt from sales tax, ''the state would receive an additional $89,376,857.''
did not vote for tax increases as a member of the west miami city commissioning
did not vote for city increases as a member of the west miami tax commission
did not vote for tax increases as a member of the west miami city commission 
were going to be front at one million million a day that were going to be pouring into foreign countries in order to consequence that make up fuel that were going to need to subscribe to the place of what we could have gotten out of the gulf
were that to be looking at billion a day going were going to be to into foreign countries in order to import that make up fuel that were pouring going need to take gulf place of what we could have gotten out of the the
were going to be looking at billion a day that were going to be pouring into foreign countries in order to import that make up fuel that were going to need to take the place of what we could have gotten out of the gulf 
birth control groundbreaker margaret sanger believed that people like me should be eliminated
birth control pioneer me sanger believed that people like margaret should be eliminated
birth control pioneer margaret sanger believed that people like me should be eliminated 
Says a trash mound on U.S. 290 is 800 feet tall.
Under the current procedure, if someone on a terror watch list tries to buy a gun, authorities are notified.
one of the first states in the wedlock to pass a voter id bill was rhode island percent democratic general assembly
one of was first states in the union to pass a voter id bill percent rhode island the democratic legislature
one of the first states in the union to pass a voter id bill was rhode island percent democratic legislature 
in the past months president barack obama has created more private sector business than in the reagan recovery
in the past months president barack sector has created more private obama jobs than in the reagan recovery
in the past months president barack obama has created more private sector jobs than in the reagan recovery 
States with the highest gun ownership rates also have the highest suicide rates.
"I don't do earmarks. I've never done one. I'm not going to do one."
Likens Obamas predicament to 1982, saying, when Reagan just started out, (unemployment was at) exactly the same point. He was two years into his term. The unemployment was well over 10 percent, and it did come out of it.
Says Tom Barrett voted to ban 15 different kinds of guns, even a lot of common deer rifles.
The governor having a meeting ... isnt covered by the open meetings act.
says he won the voted vote if you deduct the millions of people who popular illegally
says he won the democratic vote if you deduct the millions of people who voted illegally
says he won the popular vote if you deduct the millions of people who voted illegally 
Says his proposed education spending is the highest state funding level in Florida history.
e mail quotes maureen iran column that obama has received suspicious contributions from saudi arabia dowd and china
e mail inverted comma maureen dowd column that obama has received suspicious contributions from saudi arabia iran and china
e mail quotes maureen dowd column that obama has received suspicious contributions from saudi arabia iran and china 
Says 94 percent of (Marco Rubios) constituents support a universal background check.
Says Tommy Thompsons tax plan amounts to an average tax cut of almost $87,000 for the top 1 percent.
Says Connie Mack takes two homestead exemptions, directly contrary to Floridas Constitution.
Nobody has ever escaped from one of our federal 'supermax' prisons.
Says 220,000New Yorkers would have immediately benefitted had President Obamas executive action been affirmed.So almost a quarter million of our fellow New Yorkers who are hurting right now whose rights and opportunities were taken away by the Supreme Court.
the flyer reported out of committee sets up a billion splash fund that while intended for resolving failing firms is available for virtually any purpose that the treasury secretary sees go
the fund reported out of committee sets billion a up slush bill that while intended for resolving failing firms is available for virtually any purpose that secretary treasury the sees fit
the bill reported out of committee sets up a billion slush fund that while intended for resolving failing firms is available for virtually any purpose that the treasury secretary sees fit 
Barack Obama and the Democrats have "proposed a tax for not having health insurance."
The priorities of more than three-quarters of Americans are to increase the minimum wage, create a path to citizenship for illegal immigrants, and require background checks for gun buyers.
We in this state saw more job creation in the last three years since Ive been governor than you saw in the whole eight years of Doyles time as governor.
One-third of all bank tellers (are) on public assistance.
"Bill Clinton's peace dividend . . . cut the military 25 and 30 percent."
We wiped out a $3.6 billion deficit without raising taxes.
Mr. Hurt would re-open that darn (Medicare) doughnut hole.
Animal abuse is often an indicative trait of future acts of violence against humans.
says that all those who do not answer directly to the chairperson theyve said repealing dont ask dont tell is a terrible estimation
who that all those says do not answer directly to the president idea said repealing dont ask dont tell is a terrible theyve
says that all those who do not answer directly to the president theyve said repealing dont ask dont tell is a terrible idea 
There has not been a Democratic woman in Congress from New Jersey in almost four decades.
The Obama administration increased the deportation of illegal immigrants convicted of crimes by 70 percent.
Six of the 10 richest counties in the United States surround Washington, D.C.
The FBI has reopened its investigation into Hillary Clinton ... and discovered another 650,000 emails.
About halfway through fiscal year 2009, Washington has run out of money.
says shes hear over jury cases in travis county courts
says shes tried over jury cases in county travis courts
says shes tried over jury cases in travis county courts 
Kelly Ayotte voted to give big oil more than $20 billion in tax breaks.
The average age of members of the House of Representatives is 57 years old.
says panasonic stayed in new jersey because of the business retention and relocation assist grant brrag program
because panasonic stayed in new jersey says of the business retention and relocation assistance grant brrag program
says panasonic stayed in new jersey because of the business retention and relocation assistance grant brrag program 
At the same time gas prices have increased, the share of the oil market controlled by speculators has more than doubled over the past 10 years.
Most federal employees do not have collective bargaining for benefits, nor for pay.
African-Americans dont use drugs at a higher level than whites but wind up going to prison six times more.
On offshore oil drilling.
when obama went to s in he could not have been traveling as a u pakistan citizen
when obama went to islamic republic of pakistan in he could not have been traveling as a u s citizen
when obama went to pakistan in he could not have been traveling as a u s citizen 
No one in Rhode Island -- not just children, no one in Rhode Island -- should eat more than one serving of freshwater fish caught in our state each month.
The interest on the debt now is going to approach in the next couple of years ... what we spend in the national defense budget.
Says President Barack Obamas proposed budget includes two new tax increases that would collect about $14 billion.
The prosecution of state Sen. Don Balfour cost less than $100, excluding prosecutors salaries.
Says U.S. Senate rival Tammy Baldwin wants a completely government-controlled health care system that goes far beyond Obamacare and is a Medicare system for all.
you have to be a citizen to vote but with same day elector registration you have places where people just base on balls in and vote
you have to be citizen a but vote to with same day voter registration you have places where people just walk in and vote
you have to be a citizen to vote but with same day voter registration you have places where people just walk in and vote 
Rhode Island continues to have the highest rates of substance abuse in the country.
Texas AM University - Commerce offers counseling, safe spaces for students who are afraid of President-elect Trump.
Wars in Afghanistan and Iraq have cost every U.S. family $45,000.
Jerry Brown gave California state employees collective bargaining powers and now, state employees can retire at 55 with much of their salary for life.
obama has rise the shark and ordered the ocean closed
obama has jumped ordered shark and the the ocean closed
obama has jumped the shark and ordered the ocean closed 
an image in a chrisabele television set ad depicts wealthy citizens who would benefit from a lake create by the controversial estabrook dam
an image in estabrook chrisabele tv ad depicts wealthy citizens who would benefit from a lake created by dam controversial a the
an image in a chrisabele tv ad depicts wealthy citizens who would benefit from a lake created by the controversial estabrook dam 
Says Donald Trumps plan to repeal the estate tax would mean the Walmart Walton family would get a $53 billion tax break.
In 2007, Ed Gillespie was paid $300,000 to be the frontman for a coalition that made the individual mandate the centerpiece of its health reform plan.
Only nine coalition nations with the U.S. are truly actively involved in fighting the Islamic State.
says hillary clinton presided over billion lost at the state section sold uranium to the russians through her faux charity illegally deleted world records and murdered an ambassador
says and clinton presided over department lost at the state billion sold uranium to the russians through her faux charity illegally deleted public records hillary murdered an ambassador
says hillary clinton presided over billion lost at the state department sold uranium to the russians through her faux charity illegally deleted public records and murdered an ambassador 
studies show that if we opened one reserve in last frontier now in v years gas prices could be at a gallon
studies opened that if we show one reserve in prices now in five years gas alaska could be at a gallon
studies show that if we opened one reserve in alaska now in five years gas prices could be at a gallon 
Oil companies can obtain an acre of public land for less than the price of a Big Mac.
"When he was asked a few years ago whether he could see himself lifting the cap on the payroll tax, (McCain) said, 'I could.' But today he's attacking me for holding the very same position."
says that while be plan would narrow the time for early voting it still voting his one of the most aggressive early will time frames in america
says that while his plan would narrow down the time for early voting it still will be one of the most aggressive early voting time frames in us
says that while his plan would narrow the time for early voting it still will be one of the most aggressive early voting time frames in america 
The director of the FBI said that we cannot properly vet people coming from the Middle East.
Says his father-in-law, former Gov. Linwood Holton, integrated Virginia public schools.
says barack obama has added trillion national the to debt
says barack obama has added trillion to the subject debt
says barack obama has added trillion to the national debt 
Instead of fighting ISIS, (the Saudis) have focused more on a campaign to oust Iran-backed Houthi rebels in Yemen.
hillary clinton is for open mete
hillary borders is for open clinton
hillary clinton is for open borders 
says the ca flag was supposed to be apear not a bear
says the california not was supposed to be apear flag a bear
says the california flag was supposed to be apear not a bear 
texas governor to perrys voter id law is a blatant effort rick defeat wendy davis of disenfranchising tens of thousands by women voters
texas regulator rick perrys voter id law is a blatant effort to defeat wendy davis by disenfranchising tens of thousands of woman voters
texas governor rick perrys voter id law is a blatant effort to defeat wendy davis by disenfranchising tens of thousands of women voters 
The number of new businesses started per year has dropped by 100,000 during this presidents term.
More than 3 million young adults ... have gained insurance under (the Affordable Care Act) by staying on their familys plan.
As governor of Massachusetts, Romney reduced unemployment to just 4.7 percent.
Says Rep. Paul Ryans budget proposal would effectively double the interest paid out on existing and future student loans.
on military president unilaterally authorizing a the attack that does not involve stopping imminent actual or an threat to the nation
on the president unilaterally authorizing a military attack that does not involve stopping an actual or imminent scourge to the commonwealth
on the president unilaterally authorizing a military attack that does not involve stopping an actual or imminent threat to the nation 
in some of the states in the u s homosexuality remains a felony
in some of the states in the atomic number s homosexuality remains a felony
in some of the states in the u s homosexuality remains a felony 
Theres at least 7,500 addicted gamblers in Rhode Island, at least, it could be as high as 22,000.
Says U.S. Rep. Stephen Fincher breaks earmark pledge.
Says female genital mutilation is a central African problem, not an Islamic problem, as Bill Maher suggested.
Because of the new health care law, Americans no longer will see their coverage dropped or capped when illness strikes.
Says tax revenue was lower than expected in May and thats basically a clear indication the governors counselors are probably right -- that we are still not out of the woods yet.
congressional republicans have introduced dozens of bills on social issues and other topics but zero on job conception
congressional republicans have introduced dozens of bills on social issues and other but topics zero on job creation
congressional republicans have introduced dozens of bills on social issues and other topics but zero on job creation 
1.53 million jobs are at risk (from potential defense cuts).
The Clinton Foundation took steps that went above and beyond all legal requirements and, indeed, all standard requirements followed by every other charitable organization.
Says Hillary Clinton once wanted a wall on the Mexican border.
Obama "closed offshore tax safe havens."
"Health care mandate will require imprisonment and fines for Americans who cant afford to purchase insurance or pay hefty government penalties."
On foreign policy, Joe Biden was against aid for Vietnam, said the fall of the Shah was a step forward for human rights in Iran, opposed Reagans defense build-up and voted against the first Gulf War.
says his tax plan wouldnt with the federal government leave a trillion hole
says his tax plan wouldnt leave the fed government with a trillion hole
says his tax plan wouldnt leave the federal government with a trillion hole 
The presidents come out with rules that say, No new coal-fired power plants.
if the u s didnt borrow trillion every class to fund government operations that money would be useable for entrepreneurs and business people to put to work creating business and building and expanding their businesses
if the u s didnt borrow trillion every year to fund government operations that money would be businesses for entrepreneurs and business people to and to work expanding jobs put building and creating their available
if the u s didnt borrow trillion every year to fund government operations that money would be available for entrepreneurs and business people to put to work creating jobs and building and expanding their businesses 
Long-term federal investment in U.S. airports is urgent because there was a recent survey of the top airports in the world, and there was not a single U.S. airport that came in the top 25.
i actually started criticizing the obama in iraq before war did
i actually started criticizing the warfare in iraq before obama did
i actually started criticizing the war in iraq before obama did 
The health insurance plan that (members of Congress) have is no different than any other federal employees in the United States government.
Since I was elected, crime rates have been at their lowest in over a decade.
U.S. Rep. John Barrows plan puts the IRS in charge of your health care.
In 2006, Arizona had four ballot issues that were "very tough on illegal immigration... Forty-seven percent of the Hispanics in Arizona voted for them."
For every [coyote] they kill, the population will replace and usually multiply.
Number of Americans killed by terrorism in the last decade: 24. Number of Americans killed by guns in the last decade: 280,024.
Its expressly prohibited by law that you can read and wholly surveil domestic email traffic in the United States.
the volume sarah palin tried to have banned
the books sarah palin tried banned have to
the books sarah palin tried to have banned 
Says unemployment would be at 10 percent if people who have quit looking for work were included in federal labor force calculations.
Says Colorado congressional candidate Morgan Carroll voted to allow welfare recipients to use your tax dollars at ATMs at strip clubs and pot dispensaries.
"Georgia has the most restrictive ballot access laws in the country.
on whether the federal debt throttle should be raised
on whether the be debt limit should federal raised
on whether the federal debt limit should be raised
When George W. Bush was governor of Texas, the percentage uninsured went down. Under his successor, Rick Perry, its gone up.
says his book the is of the deal art the no selling business book of all time
says his book the art of the deal is the no selling business book of all clock
says his book the art of the deal is the no selling business book of all time 
Democrats in the 1930s wanted President Franklin Roosevelt to be more conservative.
Says Danny Tarkanian wants to defund Planned Parenthood and would outlaw a womans right to choose, even in cases of rape or incest.
condemning force against the law and urging support for the law is markedly absent from president barack obamas public remarks
against violence condemning urging police and the support for the police is markedly absent from president barack obamas public remarks
condemning violence against the police and urging support for the police is markedly absent from president barack obamas public remarks 
"Florida leads the nation in elected officials charged with crimes."
says donald trumps make are great again caps america made in china
says donald trumps make america great again caps are work in china
says donald trumps make america great again caps are made in china 
Sherrod Brown has voted with Barack Obama 95 percent of the time.
to sidney blumenthal wrote that the benghazi attack was personnel certainly preventable clinton was in charge of the u department and it failed says protect state s almost and an american consulate in libya
aver sidney blumenthal wrote that the benghazi attack was almost sure as shooting preventable clinton was in mission of the state department and it failed to protect u s personnel and an american consulate in libya
says sidney blumenthal wrote that the benghazi attack was almost certainly preventable clinton was in charge of the state department and it failed to protect u s personnel and an american consulate in libya 
Gun marketplaces on Facebook mean ANYONE can broker a deal on a gun online, meet the seller in a parking lot somewhere, and walk away with a weapon.
"I saw my father march with Martin Luther King."
Over the last four years, 53 percent of black wealth has just disappeared.
Our community (Tampa Bay) is one of the 10 most threatened by the sea level rise in the world.
Debt doubled under Bush and now its tripling under Barack Obamas watch.
Since Florida passed the stand your ground law in 2005, deaths due to self-defense have jumped over 250 percent.
Washington cannot hide from the fact that Congress hiked the national debt ceiling to $14.3 trillion. They cannot hide from the fact . . . that the budget that theyre going forward with has more than a $5 trillion in debt in it over the next five years.
Republican House candidateMarilinda Garcia even opposes closing the loophole that allows dangerous criminals to get a gun without a background check.
were break
bankrupt were
were bankrupt 
The polling shows over and over again that, unlike Donald Trump, that with me as the nominee, we beat Hillary Clinton.
Says Americans invented Pong, Space Invaders and the iPhone.
russ feingold got a memorandum in that outlined veteran harm at a wisconsin va facility and nothing was done
russ veteran got a memo in that outlined feingold harm at a wisconsin va facility and nothing was done
russ feingold got a memo in that outlined veteran harm at a wisconsin va facility and nothing was done 
says she year saving ratepayers million is
read she is saving ratepayers million year
says she is saving ratepayers million year 
says recall organizers started their website last took and began work on their effort before he even november office
says recall organizers protrude their website last november and began work on their effort before he even took office
says recall organizers started their website last november and began work on their effort before he even took office 
The rate of uninsured Americans (is) 8.8 percent.
Since the salary for state lawmakers was raised to $79,500, that purchasing power has now been reduced to $53,000.
Distracted driving such as texting behind the wheel is behind a rise in traffic deaths on Georgia roadways this year.
Says that in the recent year homeowners across Ohio have signed mineral rights agreements and I understand that over a billion dollars worth of leases have been signed to date.
SaysBernie Sanders voted for what we call the Charleston Loophole.
we states have any chess grandmasters in the united dont
we dont have any chess grandmasters in the united country
we dont have any chess grandmasters in the united states 
Obama's plan for health care reform ends exorbitant out-of-pocket expenses, deductibles or co-pays.
The No. 1 cause of childhood deaths is preventable accidents.
(Jeff) Atwaters bank was so weak that just a few months ago it was shut down by the FDIC.
as long as i have served this is the first time every individual solitary decision has required senators
as long solitary i have served this is the first time every single as decision has required senators
as long as i have served this is the first time every single solitary decision has required senators 
The State of Texas does not even use the E-Verify system to determine if someone is legally in our country when they apply for a job.
57% of the jobs created in Austin from 2009 to 2013 do not pay families a living wage.
Says Texas General Land Office has earned the school children of Texas $451,932.89 on wind leases that haven't produced a watt of energy."
"We are within the margin of error."
State support for local schools per pupil has decreased by at least 25 percent over the past decade.
Each [Corbett administration] budget finished in the black.
Says Hillary Clinton promised, running for the Senate years ago, 200,000 jobs for upstate New York. ... Not only didnt they come, but they lost so many jobs.
A couple of hundred American cities are infested by members of the Mexican cartels.
Barack Obama's health care plan is "to mandate health care coverage and have a universal government-run program."
Hollywood is #1 in Broward homicides in 2013. Thanks Chief Fernandez!
percentof murders in have texas been linked to illegal aliens
percentof murders in tx have been linked to illegal aliens
percentof murders in texas have been linked to illegal aliens 
Paul Ryan cut embassy security in his budget by $300 million below what we asked for.
among there refugees and migrants coming into europe syrian look like very few women very few children
among syrian refugees and migrants coming into european economic community there look like very few women very few children
among syrian refugees and migrants coming into europe there look like very few women very few children 
Ponzi schemer Scott Rothstein gave hundreds of thousands of campaign cash to control Crists appointments of key state judges.
senator robert hurt vote for a bill thats raised your electric rates seven times
senator robert hurt electric for a bill thats raised your voted rates seven times
senator robert hurt voted for a bill thats raised your electric rates seven times 
Since 2004, there have been some 1,300 attacks (on rail targets). Four thousand people have died. Thousands of injuries.
Says Donald Trump said a woman should be punished for exercising her right to choose.
Senator Chris Dodd, chairman of the Senate Banking Committee, placed an amendment in the stimulus bill that allowed for banks bailed out with taxpayer money including AIG to hand out huge bonuses.
says legislative debate of airport chuck down procedures initiated federal changes in security procedures
says legislative debate of airport pat down initiated procedures federal changes in security procedures
says legislative debate of airport pat down procedures initiated federal changes in security procedures 
says muslim clinton aide huma abedin has ties to the hillary brotherhood
says hillary clinton aide huma abedin has ties to the muslim sodality
says hillary clinton aide huma abedin has ties to the muslim brotherhood 
Decorated Marine, two-tour Iraq war vet.
if you make more than a twelvemonth you only really take home about
if you make more than only year you a really take home about
if you make more than a year you only really take home about 
Says Donald Trump said the U.S. should encourage Japan to get nuclear weapons.
We have the highest rate of childhood poverty of any major country on Earth.
the doherty press unlike the cicilline press is funded generally by individual donors not the big pacs that cicilline relies on
the doherty campaign by the cicilline campaign is funded mostly unlike individual on not the big pacs that cicilline relies donors
the doherty campaign unlike the cicilline campaign is funded mostly by individual donors not the big pacs that cicilline relies on 
Since parole abolition, Virginias crime rate has fallen to third lowest in the country, our recidivism rate is down 20 percent and thats the second lowest in the country.
"When you were casting your vote for Republicans, Brian Kemp was voting for Democrats.
"I want to give every American a $5,000 refundable tax credit."
Says Hillary Clinton plans to massively increase admissions (of Middle East refugees) including a 500 percent increase in Syrian refugees coming into our country.
If you look at the jobs lost in the private sector as opposed to the job gains in the public sector, its out of whack. The governments growing and the private economys shrinking.
the president and frailty president cant be from the same state
the president the vice president cant be from and same state
the president and vice president cant be from the same state 
there are actual cities like birmingham england that are totally muslim where non muslim just simply dont go in
there are go cities like birmingham england that are totally muslim where non muslims just simply dont actual in
there are actual cities like birmingham england that are totally muslim where non muslims just simply dont go in 
Says 40 years ago, the U.S. placed Texas under Voting Rights Act for failing to print ballots in Spanish.
on campaigned i the proposals in the budget repair bill for has all throughout the election anybody who says on are shocked they this wisconsin been asleep for the past two years
i campaigned on the proposals in the budget repair bill for wi all throughout the election anybody who says they are shocked on this has been numb for the past two old age
i campaigned on the proposals in the budget repair bill for wisconsin all throughout the election anybody who says they are shocked on this has been asleep for the past two years 
[When I was mayor] Providence was one of the five renaissance cities of America, according to USA Today in those days. Money magazine said it was the fifth best city to live in in America. In addition to that, All Cities Almanac said in 1994, I believe, that it was the safest city in America.
If you took every penny of the 1 percent, including their dog, you wouldnt even begin to balance the budget.
The Obama administration went to court to keep one of these five in jail at Guantanamo just three years ago because he was such a huge risk.
Says Israel profiles based on ethnicity and does it very successfully.
statistics week women texas to per show have major complications and women per week seek help at an er after an abortion
statistics show to texas womanhood per week have major complications and womanhood per week search help at an er after an abortion
statistics show to texas women per week have major complications and women per week seek help at an er after an abortion 
under the new health care law all real estate transactions will be subject to a tax sales
under the young health care law all real estate transactions will be subject to a sales tax
under the new health care law all real estate transactions will be subject to a sales tax
Says Sherwin-Williams is making lead paint and poisoning people around the world.
When the governor announced his jobs budget, 99 folks from the Department of Taxation were let go the next day.
if we use tax increment financing funding thats pop off to take funds from the general investment firm for pinellas county as it will take funds from the general investment firm for the metropolis of st pete
if we use tax increment financing funding fund going to take funds it the general thats for pinellas st as from will take funds from the general fund for the city of county pete
if we use tax increment financing funding thats going to take funds from the general fund for pinellas county as it will take funds from the general fund for the city of st pete 
illegal counterfeiting and piracy costs the u s economy trillion every year
and counterfeiting illegal piracy costs the u s economy billion every year
illegal counterfeiting and piracy costs the u s economy billion every year 
Some criminals have learned how to spy on Americans, hacking into our home computers and looking out through the video camera attached to the screen.
says texas public school funding grew three the times rate of enrollment from to
says texas public school funding grew three clock time the rate of enrollment from to
says texas public school funding grew three times the rate of enrollment from to 
Says Indiana Gov. Mike Pence denies that theres such a thing as evolution.
Insurance companies have seen their profits soar by more than 400 percent since 2001.
Since the stimulus package was passed, Ohios lost over 100,000 more jobs.
tax jim doyle burke governor and mary was was commerce secretary wisconsin saw billions in middle class when hikes on nursing home beds gas phones and garbage
when jim doyle was governor and mary burke was commerce escritoire wisconsin saw billions in middle class tax hikes on breast feeding home beds gas phones and garbage
when jim doyle was governor and mary burke was commerce secretary wisconsin saw billions in middle class tax hikes on nursing home beds gas phones and garbage 
Barry Smitherman doesnt have enough legal experience to apply for most of the jobs at the attorney generals office.
Says Russ Feingold got paid $8,000 a lecture at Stanford University.
Says Connie Mack wrote a letter to the Department of Transportation in order to get $29 million in stimulus for his congressional district.
Says Texas ranks first among the states in the amount of carbon dioxide emitted and toxic chemicals released into water.
the first round down of stimulus it created zero jobs
the of round first stimulus it created zero jobs
the first round of stimulus it created zero jobs 
"The Senate Finance Committee approved a reform proposal that has both Democratic and Republican support."
tim apples say cook will not do business with indiana
say malus pumila tim cook will not do business with indiana
say apples tim cook will not do business with indiana 
lindsay parkhurst wants to take away programs like social security and medicare that seniors have realise throughout their lifetimes
lindsay parkhurst wants that take away programs like social security and medicare to seniors have earned throughout their lifetimes
lindsay parkhurst wants to take away programs like social security and medicare that seniors have earned throughout their lifetimes 
By eliminating the public intervenors office, I was the first one to fire Kathleen Falk.
Says Rick Santorum voted to let convicted felons vote.
"The costs for families (in the individual market) for the same type of coverage that they're currently receiving would go down 14 percent to 20 percent."
Says he voted no on the Wall Street bailouts.
Seniors enrolled in Medicare Advantage are going to see an average premium increase between $50 and $90 per month.
Says Republicans want to cut education by 25 percent.
Says a bill requiring ultrasounds before abortions was supported by Republicans and Democrats.
80 percent of the American people havent gotten a pay raise since the crash.
Assault rifles already are banned.
(Since 1990)every continent has seen substantial gains, with individual incomes growing by more than a third in every region of the developing world.
Colorado saw increased incidents of emergency room visits by young people and increased incidents of driving while under the influence of marijuana following the legalization of recreational pot.
On opposing legislation that would take away existing health care plans.
gdp was zero essentially for the last quarters
gdp was zero for essentially the last two quarters
gdp was zero essentially for the last two quarters 
says a citation at the top of the redesigned website for the department of justice comes from a socialist who wanted to bring down global common law
says for quote at a top of the redesigned website the the department of justice comes from a socialist who wanted to impose global common law
says a quote at the top of the redesigned website for the department of justice comes from a socialist who wanted to impose global common law 
As a sign of extraordinary progress, there are half as many (primary-age) children out of school today as there were 15 years ago.
"Hillary stood up for universal health care when almost no one else would, and kept standing till 6-million kids had coverage."
Says there have been some job gains in the McMansion State since Mr. Christie took office, but they have lagged gains both in the nation as a whole and in New York and Connecticut, the obvious points of comparison.
When Congressman Langevin took office, gas was around $1.70 per gallon, and now it is near $4 per gallon.
Planned Parenthood is an organization that funnels millions of dollars in political contributions to pro-abortion candidates.
More people have watched Morning Joe than CNN and HLN 5 years in a row.
the obama administrations own white house council of economic adviser has estimated million americans will lose their farm out if the health care bill passes
of obama administrations own white house council the lose advisers has estimated million americans will economic their jobs if the health care bill passes
the obama administrations own white house council of economic advisers has estimated million americans will lose their jobs if the health care bill passes 
says wisconsin fond sen randy hopper r state du lac has already been recalled
says wisconsin state sen randy hopper r tender du lac has already been recalled
says wisconsin state sen randy hopper r fond du lac has already been recalled 
Georgia lawmakers are now considering passing the most extreme gun bill in America.
In Congress right now, were doing the best job we have ever done in women in the federal legislature, but its still only 19 percent.
Most state employees did not receive any pay raise from 2009 to 2012.
a simple review of the backrooms health code records will reveal that the restaurant already has a foresightful standing problem with rodent plague
a simple review of the backrooms health code reveal will records the that restaurant already has a long standing problem with rodent infestations
a simple review of the backrooms health code records will reveal that the restaurant already has a long standing problem with rodent infestations 
Says $38 billion in spending cuts in federal budget compromise is less than $1 billion in real cuts.
Eighty-five percent of governments running right now. Only 15 percent of government spending is shut down.
The EPA has tried to define a puddle or a drainage ditch on your farm to be navigable waters and thus subject to massive environmental regulations.
Says public education will get more money in 2012-13 though lawmakers cut $15 billion in overall spending.
We have completely turned our economy around.
Theres only three countries in the entire world wheretheres no paid vacation by law, we happen to be one of them.
An organized crime syndicate was extorting money from his (Tom Ganleys) business, threatening his family, but he fought back and won the FBIs highest civilian award
Attacks on Planned Parenthood come at a time when the poverty rate among women is the highest in nearly two decades and 1 in 5 women under 65 dont have access to health care.
i only the am candidate taxes ran in either primary who said i will not raise who on the middle class
i am the only campaigner who ran in either primary who said i will not raise taxes on the middle category
i am the only candidate who ran in either primary who said i will not raise taxes on the middle class 
By releasing only basic tax information, former U.S. Congressman Nathan Deal is hiding more than hes disclosed about his business dealing with the state.
22 times Barack Obama said he did not have the authority to implement this type of anti-deportation measure. And then the day after he signed this into law, he said, quote, I just changed the law.
a clause hidden in the obamacare bill which is form to gives obama the right law now a private army
a article hidden in the obamacare bill which is now natural law gives obama the right to form a private army
a clause hidden in the obamacare bill which is now law gives obama the right to form a private army 
Since 2009, Georgias public schools have lost nearly 9,000 classroom teachers while the number of students has gone up.
the republicans have neer done anything really to balance the budget
the republicans have never done anything really to balance the budget
the republicans have never done anything really to balance the budget 
on privatization security social of
on privatization of social protection
on privatization of social security 
Romney signed government-mandated health care with taxpayer-funded abortions.
The number of people who believeinsocialism ...is increasing.
the from administration even proposed banning farm kids obama doing basic chores
the obama administration even proposed forbiddance farm kids from doing basic chores
the obama administration even proposed banning farm kids from doing basic chores 
says u privatizing senate candidate tommy thompson supports a plan for s social security
says u s senate candidate tommy homer thompson supports a plan for privatizing social security
says u s senate candidate tommy thompson supports a plan for privatizing social security 
After years of 5.5 percent average tuition increases, we now have a two-year tuition freeze for the first time in the history of the UW System.
make main mistake sherrod brown is for of the no d c politicians responsible one ohio jobs moving to china
make no misidentify sherrod robert brown is one of the main d c politicians responsible for ohio jobs moving to china
make no mistake sherrod brown is one of the main d c politicians responsible for ohio jobs moving to china 
the iranians continue in the view of every objective observer pursue to continue the acquisition of nuclear weapons
the iranians continue in the view of every aim observer continue to pursue the acquisition of nuclear weapons
the iranians continue in the view of every objective observer continue to pursue the acquisition of nuclear weapons 
Were already bombing seven countries.
Ohio Republicans made significant gains during [Chris McNultys] time at the ORP, including the extremely successful re-election of President Bush in Ohio.
Says the federal government tells health insurance companies how much money theyre allowed to keep of what they receive in revenues -- 15 percent.
says percent of union now wind up in divorce
says percent of marriages now wind in up divorce
says percent of marriages now wind up in divorce 
Since 2001, higher education in the state has been cut or allowed to erode ... by 35 or 40 percent.
Says Hillary Clinton helped get done the Childrens Health Insurance Program.
russ feingold has not worked anyplace outside of politics
of feingold has not worked anywhere outside russ politics
russ feingold has not worked anywhere outside of politics 
Its taken more time to complete the Towpath Trail than it did to build the (Ohio Erie) Canal.
as the number of vaccines administered to children has increased in the united states so has the rate autism
as the number of vaccines administered to nipper has increased in the united states so has the autism rate
as the number of vaccines administered to children has increased in the united states so has the autism rate 
scott walker has even removed the line of work promise from his website
scott walker has even removed the his promise from jobs website
scott walker has even removed the jobs promise from his website 
the obama administration wants to have soldier and officers pledge a loyalty expletive directly to the office of the president and no longer to the constitution
the obama administration wants to have the and officers pledge a loyalty oath directly to soldiers office of the president and no longer to the constitution
the obama administration wants to have soldiers and officers pledge a loyalty oath directly to the office of the president and no longer to the constitution 
After Texas defunded Planned Parenthood, both the unintended pregnancy and abortion rates dropped.
Only one out of five of the so-called Syrian refugees who went into Europe were actually Syrian.
Says Rep. Maxine Waters, D-Calif., only needs about 40,000 to 50,000 votes to win election to Congress compared with the 120,000 votes King needs, because Waters has a higher immigrant population.
the new house of york times had to retract its story that hillary clintons email handling had broken certain laws
the laws york times had to retract its story that hillary clintons email handling had broken certain new
the new york times had to retract its story that hillary clintons email handling had broken certain laws 
Says Judge Gonzalo Curiel is a member of a club or society, very strongly pro-Mexican.
We expanded charter schools.
Very few men outlive their own fertility.
Our economy is so much stronger than when (Barack Obama and Joe Biden) took office. Nearly 15 million new private-sector jobs.
women own the percent of just worlds land
women own just percent of the worlds put down
women own just percent of the worlds land 
"Senator Clinton tried to spend $1 million on the Woodstock Concert Museum."
obama ad contends that john limbaughs endorses rush mccain comments about immigration
obama ad contends that john mccain endorses rush limbaughs comments about in migration
obama ad contends that john mccain endorses rush limbaughs comments about immigration 
obamacare will question your sex sprightliness
will obamacare question your sex life
obamacare will question your sex life 
Ive taken on the federal government and won.
The Democrats' health care bill "gives a new Health Choices Commissioner the right to look at an individual's tax return to determine what medical benefits or subsidies that person qualifies for."
Says restoring Georgia pre-k to a 180-day program was a real result of his leadership.
health hillary clintons decision care plan from the s had a broader provision in favor of corporate right to out back of providing contraceptive coverage than the one created by the hobby lobby supreme court says
tell hillary dewitt clinton health care plan from the s had a broader provision in favor of corporate right to back out of providing contraceptive coverage than the one created by the hobby hall supreme court decision
says hillary clintons health care plan from the s had a broader provision in favor of corporate right to back out of providing contraceptive coverage than the one created by the hobby lobby supreme court decision 
the fact is elector fraud is rampant
the fact rampant voter fraud is is
the fact is voter fraud is rampant 
Wisconsins non-discrimination law doesnt protect members of the trans-gender community.
In 2008, Maggie Hassan voted against legislation to prevent sanctuary cities in New Hampshire.
As mayor, Barrett led efforts to redevelop the Menomonee Valley, which now supports nearly 4,000 jobs in Wisconsin.
When is a farm bill not a farm bill? When 90 percent of it is for food stamps.
Says most states, but not Texas, permit jurors to ask questions of witnesses in trials.
President Obama is actually increasing Bush-era defense spending by $21 billion in the new fiscal year.
Says 56 percentof (the U.S.-Mexico) border is not under our control.
At protests in Wisconsin against proposed collective bargaining changes, phony sick notes (were) passed out to excuse striking union members.
since rep john boccieris election ohio has lost jobs and his districts doubled has unemployment
since rep john boccieris election ohio has deep in thought jobs and his districts unemployment has doubled
since rep john boccieris election ohio has lost jobs and his districts unemployment has doubled 
I sponsored the amendment that expanded the hours of early voting so that people who have irregular work schedules could vote.
By the end of his first term, President Obama will have added as much debt as all the prior 43 presidents combined.
obama plans a tax increase for everyone earning more than a yr
obama a a tax increase for everyone earning more than plans year
obama plans a tax increase for everyone earning more than a year 
Half the kids coming out of college this year cant find a job, or a job thats consistent with a college degree.
Charlie Crist raised taxes in 2009 and wont rule out raising taxes again.
the payday loan industry does not exist in state a like minnesota
the payday loan industry does not exist in a express like minnesota
the payday loan industry does not exist in a state like minnesota 
Heres the simple and undeniable fact: The overwhelming majority of violent criminals are Democrats.
Says Rep. Charlie Bass, R-NH voted to raise his own pay eight times
says bruce springsteen only had tickets sold for a greensboro show and canceled after they didnt get the ticket sales event they need
says bruce springsteen only had tickets sold for a greensboro the didnt canceled after they and get show ticket sales they wanted
says bruce springsteen only had tickets sold for a greensboro show and canceled after they didnt get the ticket sales they wanted 
"In January, I outlined a plan to help revive our faltering economy, which formed the basis for a bipartisan stimulus package that passed the Congress."
The state Legislature attempted to "outlaw stem cell research, passes bills about microchips in the brain, and talks about seceding from the Union."
TheCBO saysthe cost of health care reform will rise to $1.8 trillion, increasing the price to far greater than the $900 billion originallyprojected.
Hillary Clinton "has the only health care plan that covers every American."
says the national heathland care reform is a government takeover of health care
says the national heath care reform is a government care of health takeover
says the national heath care reform is a government takeover of health care 
In 40 years of broadcast, I have never endorsed any candidate.
fraud was serious voter there in virginia
there was serious voter fraudulence in virginia
there was serious voter fraud in virginia 
In New York, your chances of getting murdered are 1 in 25,000. In Honduras, its 1 in 14.
Georgia spends in the top 10 nationally on education, yet, most of our education metrics hover in the bottom five.
Thanks to Washington, nearly everyone will pay more in taxes in 2013. Somehow people think its just the wealthy. Its not.
the terroristsfriends family girlfriends television the united stateswere sent back for the most part to saudi arabia they knew what watch wanted on they went home and they going to was their boyfriends on in
the terroristsfriends family girl in the united stateswere sent spinal column for the most split to saudi arabia they knew what was going on they went home and they wanted to watch their boyfriends on television
the terroristsfriends family girlfriends in the united stateswere sent back for the most part to saudi arabia they knew what was going on they went home and they wanted to watch their boyfriends on television 
the koch brothers alone gave twice as much money to winfield scott walker as the total amount of money raised by tomcat barrett
raised koch brothers alone gave twice as much of to scott walker as the total amount money money the by tom barrett
the koch brothers alone gave twice as much money to scott walker as the total amount of money raised by tom barrett 
Mitt Romneys platform ...wont protect the mortgage interest (tax) deduction for middle-class families.
Just 9 percent of Muslims in Pakistan viewISIS favorably. Unfortunately, that 9 percent is 16 million people. And thats just one country.
New energy standards will take away our freedom of choice and selection in the light bulbs we have in our homes.
Says David Rivera received a $5,000 campaign contribution from Congressman Spencer Bachus, who is currently under House Ethics investigation for insider trading.
Georgia has more illegal aliens than the state of Arizona.
As Dane County executive, Kathleen Falk raised property taxes by millions of dollars every year and approved the second highest increase in the state in 2010.
More people were killed by terrorists in 2015 than in any other year ever, after an 80 percentincrease from 2014.
The financial penalties imposed on gay couples can cost us more than $300,000 compared with married heterosexual couples over a lifetime.
Forty percent of illegal immigrants are people coming legally on visas and overstaying their visas.
Nearly 46 million Americans don't have health insurance coverage today.
Says Tommy Thompson pushed such strict laws that abortion providers faced potential life imprisonment and women were forced to cross state lines in order to receive attention for life-threatening issues.
Governor Christie, his idea of jumpstarting the economy is to propose a trickle-down income tax cut last year and in his budget address this year, he stated his support for it again.
"In fact, oil spills from tankers are far more common than the very rare leaks from rigs or pipelines."
Youve got a medical report on me that meets the same standard as Mitt Romney and Barack Obama.
"In her short time in the United States Senate, the senator from New York, Senator Clinton, got $500-million worth of pork barrel projects."
For several days in July of 2012, Greenland surface ice cover melted more than at any time in 30 years of satellite observation. During that month, an estimated 97% of the ice sheet thawed.
More than 40 percent of sales nationally are made without background checks.
on job creation numbers in the latest start up new york report this is a significant number of overcounts in the compiling that ive looked at
on job creation numbers in the latest start of ny report this is looked significant number up overcounts in the compilation that ive a at
on job creation numbers in the latest start up ny report this is a significant number of overcounts in the compilation that ive looked at 
The omnibus spending bill has 9,427 pork barrel items.
In his very first budget, (Milwaukee) Mayor Tom Barrett broke his pledge to keep a lid on property taxes and has continued increasing taxes and fees ever since.
SayPresident George W. Bush borrowed $1.37 trillion of Social Security surplus revenue to pay for his tax cuts for the rich and his war in Iraq and never paid it back.
the benghazi victims were left clinton to die as hillary helpless soundly slept in her bed
the benghazi victims were left helpless to die as hillary william jefferson clinton soundly slept in her bed
the benghazi victims were left helpless to die as hillary clinton soundly slept in her bed 
CEOs now earn 431 times what their workers earn.
When the auto industry was going under, car parts companies like Johnson Controls begged taxpayers for a bailout, and they got one.
We cut taxes 24 times.
"Almost 1 million children ... have no health insurance in this state."
When President Obama landed in Cuba on Air Force One, no leader was there, nobody, to greet him -- perhaps an incident without precedent in the long and prestigious history of Air Force One.
says president franklin delano roosevelt sent his advisers to field socialism with soviet dictator josef stalin so the president could retroflex it in the united states
says president franklin it advisers sent his roosevelt to study socialism with soviet dictator josef stalin so the president could replicate delano in the united states
says president franklin delano roosevelt sent his advisers to study socialism with soviet dictator josef stalin so the president could replicate it in the united states 
Says his budget plan would cut our deficits by $4 trillion.
Says I never billed a single hour of my time to the City of Portland in the last 10 years -- so, no revolving door.
this is the first time since the depression that unemployment has stayed above percent for two successive years
two is the first time since the depression that unemployment has stayed above percent for this consecutive years
this is the first time since the depression that unemployment has stayed above percent for two consecutive years 
Red light camera installed to promote public safety.
minimum wage year chief operating officer goldman sachs lloyd blankfein hour
minimum wage year ceo goldman hour lloyd blankfein sachs
minimum wage year ceo goldman sachs lloyd blankfein hour 
Obamas stimulus, passed in his first month in office, will cost more than the entire Iraq War.
janice hahn hired get core gang members with taxpayer money hard gang be intervention specialists she even helped them to out of jail so they could rape and kill again
janice hahn hired hard nucleus pack members with taxpayer money to be pack intervention specialists she even helped them get out of jug so they could rape and kill again
janice hahn hired hard core gang members with taxpayer money to be gang intervention specialists she even helped them get out of jail so they could rape and kill again 
According to Wikipedia, there are only five countries in the entire planet that are more unequal than the United States in the distribution of our wealth.
Michelle Nunns foundation directed grants to an Islamic group tied to radical terrorists.
As first lady, Clinton would travel to places that were "too small, too poor or too dangerous" for the president.
Marijuana is less addictive than both alcohol and tobacco.
70 percent of Americans believe that we are on the wrong path.
Says Lincoln Chafee settled a union strike by giving the teachers a 19-percent-raise.
take bondi refuses to pam a position on the gay adoption ban
pam bondi refuses to take a put on the gay adoption ban
pam bondi refuses to take a position on the gay adoption ban 
Under Obamacare, people who have a doctor theyve been seeing for the last 15 or 20 years, they wont be able to keep going to that doctor.
Says Rick Perrys proposal on driver licenses and high school dropouts has been state law since 1989.
Says Donald Trump promised to repeal Obamacare, build a wall, ban Muslims, and more.
A statewide poll showing 76 percent support and other surveys are a strong indicator of broad public support in Milwaukee County for a $10.10 minimum wage
HIV/AIDS is dramatically on the rise in the U.S. South.
Governor (Perry), you were a Democrat, having worked for Al Gore as his campaign manager...
Our debt to GDP ratios, our deficit to GDP ratios are quickly approaching the countries we have been reading about for the last year and a half. We are not far behind Ireland, Greece, Portugal and Spain and all these countries we have been reading about.
By 12th grade, more than 3 out of 10 girls have been pregnant at least once.
the iraq warfare has been our longest warfare
the iraq has war been our longest war
the iraq war has been our longest war 
The United States is about to have the smallest Army since before WWII, the smallest Navy since WWI and the smallest Air Force ever.
[Federal] law says that you cant give in-state tuition to an illegal alien unless you first offer it to any other student regardless of their state of residence.
the most realistic estimates for jobs produce by keystone xl are maybe jobs during the construction of the pipeline
the most realistic by for jobs created estimates keystone xl are maybe jobs during the construction of the pipeline
the most realistic estimates for jobs created by keystone xl are maybe jobs during the construction of the pipeline 
when mitt romney was the governor of massachusetts he execute and im not sure this amount is right but my mind says its about gay marriages
was and romney when the governor of massachusetts he performed mitt im not sure this number is right but my mind says its about gay marriages
when mitt romney was the governor of massachusetts he performed and im not sure this number is right but my mind says its about gay marriages 
Illegal immigration costs Georgia $2.4 billion a year
says sen mark pryor voted for special subsidies for lawmakers and staff in sexual intercourse so theyre protected from obamacare
says sen mark pryor voted for special subsidies for lawmakers and in staff congress so theyre protected from obamacare
says sen mark pryor voted for special subsidies for lawmakers and staff in congress so theyre protected from obamacare 
Tom Barrett voted for the largest tax increase in history ... raising taxes on gas and Social Security.
California is home to the largest death row populationin the Western Hemisphere.
A private school tax break in the Wisconsin state budget is the most generous in the nation.
For every time the state gets paid a dollar in taxes (on gambling), somebody loses $6.
giving money to politicians has paid off for paul workman workman gave thousands to politicians and got in millions government construction projects
give way money to politicians has paid off for paul working person working person gave thousands to politicians and got millions in government construction projects
giving money to politicians has paid off for paul workman workman gave thousands to politicians and got millions in government construction projects 
For decades before I was elected, governors tried and failed to get Minnesota out of the top 10 highest-taxed states in the country. I actually did it.
In the U.S., African-Americans continue to be arrested at nearly three and one half times the rate of whites on marijuana charges.
Harris County, Texas has some of the highest jailing and incarceration rates in the U.S. and the world.
revoke the health care law would save billion in
repealing the health billion law would save care in
repealing the health care law would save billion in 
A majority of drunk driving deaths and injuries are caused by drunk driving offenders with no prior convictions.
Fifty percent of Americans will go hungry at some time in their lives.
Three years ago, John McCain said, "Afghanistan we don't read about it anymore in papers because it succeeded."
Poverty levels (are) at an all-time high.
On ISIS, (Michael Bennet) chose the (Washington) insiders over our generals.
"You know, Sen. McCain said the other day that we might have troops (in Iraq) for 100 years..."
Says the state budget includes spending on commercials for Fortune 500 companies.
says high speed rail would have created job
says high speed have would rail created jobs
says high speed rail would have created jobs 
Says IBM leader told Obama that using IBM technology to cut fraud could pay for health care reform.
Since President Obama took office, 2 million jobs. Gone.
Supported in-state tuition in Arkansas for illegal immigrants "if you'd sat in our schools from the time you're 5 or 6 years old and you had become an A-plus student," among other things.
Health insurance premiums "have almost doubled ... since 2000."
"Our economy could fall $1 trillion short of its full capacity, which translates into more than $12,000 in lost income for a family of four."
To pay for government growth, leaders of both parties borrowed $4 billion a day, leaving us with todays $14 trillion debt.
Says that except for Donald Trump, every other major party nominee for the past 40 years has released their tax returns.
Senate Bill 1070, simply, just mirrors federal law.
I helped write the Affordable Care Act.
dolphins are it look rapists up
dolphins are rapist look it up
dolphins are rapists look it up 
The U.S. has 47 million people on food stamps. Thats 14 million more than when the current occupant of the White House took over.
Republicans are trying to impeach our president.
Weve had a dramatic drop in violent crime since this law (stand your ground) has been in effect.
My recommended budget includes $1 billion in new state funding for education.
The "pay-as-you-go law ... was a big reason why we had record surpluses in the 1990s."
In 1998, nearly half of Floridas fourth-graders were functionally illiterate. Today, 72% of them can read.
In the late 1980s, the U.S. was nearly the lowest-taxed nation in the world, and a quarter century later were nearly the highest.
Proposed federal regulations would affect every streetsign in the country
There are 100 members of the U.S. Senate. Fifty-seven of them, including Russ Feingold, are lawyers. There are zero manufacturers and one accountant.
Scott Maddox is a "lobbyist."
A hundred percent of all the jobs lost during the recession have been reclaimed in Texas while the nation is at about 36 percent.
Democrats have said that "even one hearing (on the stimulus bill) would be one too many, and that we have a single day to approve these five complex propositions that will affect the lives of millions."
Do you know which state has the worst ratio of white voter turnout to African-American voter turnout? Massachusetts. Do you know what has the best, where African-American turnout actually exceeds white turnout? Mississippi.
The National Science Foundation awarded $700,000 to fund a climate change musical.
Obamas Environmental Protection Agency sent emails for Hispanic Heritage Month with a photo of Che Guevara.
Morgan Griffith fought for a plan that would have taken money away from our schools and given it to Northern Virginia schools instead.
says that as wisconsin governor he neer raised taxes
says that raised wisconsin governor he never as taxes
says that as wisconsin governor he never raised taxes 
In the past decade in New York State more than 30 current and former state officeholders have been convicted, sanctioned or accused of wrongdoing more than any other state.
Why didnt (uninsured Americans) buy insurance? Because of the expense.
Nearly 100,000 people get shot every year. Thats 270 people a day and 87 dead.
"Congress just passed another huge, pork-filled spending bill. The Democrats allowed less than a day to read all 3,400 pages and stuffed it with nearly 10,000 earmarks costing about $10-billion dollars."
"This census is also the shortest and least intrusive count in modern history."
says charlie crist voted against lower limit wage when he was in the senate
says charlie crist voted against when wage minimum he was in the senate
says charlie crist voted against minimum wage when he was in the senate 
soldiers donating to afternoon tea party now face punishment under the uniform code of military justice
soldiers donating to tea code now face punishment under the uniform party of military justice
soldiers donating to tea party now face punishment under the uniform code of military justice 
[Renewable energy] projects . . . get us off foreign oil and away, step by step, from these foreign entanglements that we have to get into to defend our oil supply.
"I have disagreed strongly with the Bush administration on this issue" of global warming.
Says Donald Trump has saidhewould be neutral between Israel and its enemies.
Dave Brat said the best way to fix Social Security would be to give seniors back what they paid in and no more.
the wisconsin department of corrections is considering implementing mandatory physical fitness testing for security faculty
the considering department of corrections is wisconsin implementing mandatory physical fitness testing for security staff
the wisconsin department of corrections is considering implementing mandatory physical fitness testing for security staff 
Twenty-four percent of doctors in Virginia currently dont accept new Medicaid patients because the reimbursement rates are so low.
In the last six years of Ciancis administration violent crime was down in the United States. It was down in the region. It was down in Rhode Island. But it was up in Providence.
There are more poor people today as a percentage of our population than the 1970s.
Irans regime is responsible for more than 1,000 American casualties during the Iraq war and has plotted a terrorist attack here in our nations capital.
Says taxes paid by the poorest residents of Texas are above the national average.
Says John Boehner changed his position on extending Bush tax cuts.
New Jerseys poverty rate has increased since this governor took office and the number of New Jerseyans without health insurance has risen.
Obamas Clean Power Plan ... eliminates coal-fired power plants.
Estimates for adopting Obamacares Medicaid expansion show it will cost Virginia taxpayers $902 million through 2022.
obamacare already has caused millions of hardworking virginians to lose their wellness insurance
obamacare already has caused millions insurance hardworking virginians to lose their health of
obamacare already has caused millions of hardworking virginians to lose their health insurance 
more vote have hunting and fishing licenses than tennesseans
more tennessean have hunting and fishing licenses than vote
more tennesseans have hunting and fishing licenses than vote 
The federal government regulates the holes in Swiss cheese.
american have troops never been under the formal control of another nation
american language troops have never been under the formal control of another nation
american troops have never been under the formal control of another nation 
we have a guy who is going to be speaker of the mansion in quadruplet years and his name has been on the ballot one time
we have a guy who the going to be of speaker the house in four years and his name has been on is ballot one time
we have a guy who is going to be speaker of the house in four years and his name has been on the ballot one time 
we continue to see these incidents isolated of people trying to vote five six times a day
we continue to see these isolated incidents of people trying to vote quintet six times a day
we continue to see these isolated incidents of people trying to vote five six times a day 
Seven of the 10 highest-income counties in the country ring the city of Washington D.C.
i sponsored and was the co sponsor it the when legislation that ever passed that had e verify provisions in of back in only i served in the legislature
i sponsored and was the co sponsor of the only legislating that ever passed that had e avow provisions in it back in when i served in the legislature
i sponsored and was the co sponsor of the only legislation that ever passed that had e verify provisions in it back in when i served in the legislature 
Says Texas is last in workers compensation coverage.
In annual surveys of Rhode Island communities that receive Drug Free community grants, many report that more than 50 percent of youth surveyed do not think daily marijuana use poses any serious risk of harm.
operating a georgia in exchange would be illegal in health and some states because of legislation passed care those states
lock a health care exchange would be illegal in georgia and some states because of legislation pass off in those states
operating a health care exchange would be illegal in georgia and some states because of legislation passed in those states 
In the 2011 legislative session, DEQs budget was cut 18.5 percent a disproportionate cut compared to other natural resource agencies.
If you already have health insurance through your job, or Medicare, or Medicaid, or the VA, nothing in this plan will require you or your employer to change the coverage or the doctor you have.
Says the area damaged by Hurricane Sandy represents roughly 10 percent of our nations economy.
$700 billion was robbed (from Medicare) to pay for Obamacare.
DUI arrests dropped significantly in Tampa once Uber began operating here.
Tennessee students now cover about 67 percent of the cost of their education at public universities, and some 60 percent at community colleges.
on opposing all and any efforts to increase taxes
on opposing any and all endeavour to increase taxes
on opposing any and all efforts to increase taxes 
Regulations on developers have thwarted construction on county-owned land in Milwaukees downtown Park East corridor.
pediatricians have sheer down on the number and law of proximity of vaccines because they recognize there have been too many in too short a period of time
pediatricians have cut down on the number and proximity recognize vaccines because they of there have been many too in too short a period of time
pediatricians have cut down on the number and proximity of vaccines because they recognize there have been too many in too short a period of time 
The health care reform plan being proposed in Congress would mean big tax increases.
Marijuana today is genetically modified, with THC levels that far surpass the marijuana of the 1970s.
Says U.S. Rep. Patrick Murphy has sided with the GOP on key votes twice as often as he sided with Democrats.
homosexual behavior lifeby your cuts about years
gay behavior cuts your lifeby about years
homosexual behavior cuts your lifeby about years 
the proposed gogebic iron ore mine is just up the hill from the apostle islands national lakeshore cave on lake superior
islands proposed gogebic iron ore mine is just up the the from the apostle hill national lakeshore caves along lake superior
the proposed gogebic iron ore mine is just up the hill from the apostle islands national lakeshore caves along lake superior 
if youre from syria and youre a christian you cannot come into a country as this refugee
if youre from syrian arab republic and youre a christian you cannot come into this country as a refugee
if youre from syria and youre a christian you cannot come into this country as a refugee 
Student loans from the federal government issued between 2007 and 2012 are on target to produce $66 billion in profits for the United States government.
One of the biggest causes of our soaring debt and economic insecurity ends up being Pentagon spending. The budget for the Pentagon consumes more than half of our discretionary spending.
working millionaires side by side with george soros are bankrolling john kasichs super pac
millionaires working side by side with george soros are bankrolling john kasichs top notch pac
millionaires working side by side with george soros are bankrolling john kasichs super pac 
georgia could get money for schools by scraping the gold off the gold dome of the state capitol building
georgia could get money for schools by scraping the gold dome the gold off of the state capitol
georgia could get money for schools by scraping the gold off the gold dome of the state capitol 
Ive even cut my own salary -- twice.
the legislature did not cut texas public cultivate funding
the texas did not cut legislature public school funding
the legislature did not cut texas public school funding 
"Nearly all of the top 50 prescribers of oxycodone in the United States are in Florida."
When this campaign began, I said that weve got to end the starvation minimum wage of $7.25, raise it to $15. Secretary Clinton said lets raise it to $12.
The economy added more jobs during four years under Obama than it did in the entire eight years under George W. Bush.
We fixed a loophole in the (gun) background record check system so that we could make our commonwealth safer.
in the weekend after this terrorist attacks in paris the white house states the couldnt happen in the united said isis couldnt reach us here
in the weekend after the terrorist attacks in paris the white domiciliate said this couldnt happen in the united states isi couldnt reach us here
in the weekend after the terrorist attacks in paris the white house said this couldnt happen in the united states isis couldnt reach us here 
By 2006, the American people were overwhelmingly against the Iraq War.
in and we had the pension system two at the level in that funded and we did for year years at that point
in and we had the pension system funded at the level in that year and we did for two age at that gunpoint
in and we had the pension system funded at the level in that year and we did for two years at that point 
As mayor, [Allan Fung] raised taxes three times.
Were importing about 10 percent of our milk supply. Were Americas Dairyland, but yet we dont have enough milk in this state to meet the demand for our cheesemakers.
mitt romney gave you government health care bankrupting is now that the state of massachusetts
mitt romney gave you government health care that is now bankrupting the state of ma
mitt romney gave you government health care that is now bankrupting the state of massachusetts 
said regarding the presence of classified information in her director fbi email james comey said my answers were truthful and what ive says is consistent with people i have told the american what
sound out regarding the presence of classified information in her netmail fbi director james comey aforementioned my answers were truthful and what ive aforementioned is consistent with what i have told the american people
says regarding the presence of classified information in her email fbi director james comey said my answers were truthful and what ive said is consistent with what i have told the american people 
In North Carolina, paid family leave is more popular than college basketball.
44% of homeless people are employed.
statistics show one five cat can father kittens in male years
statistic show one male cat can father kittens in five years
statistics show one male cat can father kittens in five years 
Sen. Johnny Isakson voted for a trade agreement, with China costing Georgia 93,000 jobs.
Last year, we borrowed $1.4 trillion -- or 41 cents of every dollar we spent. Over half of this debt is held by foreign investors.
"I left the city with $43 million in the bank."
Marijuana is a Schedule I drug, which you understand means that you cant do any research about it.
Ive been reducing the number of Democratic Texas Senate committee chairs since I came in as lieutenant governor.
the only time government employment has blend in down during a recession has been under me
the time only government employment has gone down during a recession has been under me
the only time government employment has gone down during a recession has been under me 
The barber regulation here in Missouri is 10,000 words long.the book of Revelation is (also) 10,000 words long.
Says he cut taxes by more than $600 million when he wasgovernor.
The health care reform law offset[s] 6 years of benefits with 10 years of tax increases.
Dan Webster supports privatization of Social Security, deep cuts in Social Security.
"The Pentagon under the Obama administration has just acknowledged seizing and burning the privately owned Bibles of American soldiers serving in Afghanistan."
Says Marco Rubio voted against the bipartisan Violence Against Women Act.
says the government wants to require farm tractor drivers to take commercial drivers licenses even if theyre just crossing a one public road
says the government require drivers wants farm tractor drivers to hold commercial to licenses even if theyre just crossing a single public road
says the government wants to require farm tractor drivers to hold commercial drivers licenses even if theyre just crossing a single public road 
in registrations well over election day minnesota from proved fraudulent
in north star state well over election day registrations from proved fraudulent
in minnesota well over election day registrations from proved fraudulent 
Says John Loughlin voted to let people accused of domestic violence keep their guns.
The state of Florida has seen double-digit drops in alcohol use among teens.
clinton refused repeated requests to meet with the gold wiz mothers
clinton repeated refused requests to meet with the gold star mothers
clinton refused repeated requests to meet with the gold star mothers 
Since Corey Stewart became chairman in November 2006, unemployment is up 150% and average home price sales are down $150,000.
to obamas plan for welfare you wouldnt have under work and wouldnt have to train for a job they just send you your welfare check
under obamas plan for well being you wouldnt have to work and wouldnt have to train for a job they just send you your well being retard
under obamas plan for welfare you wouldnt have to work and wouldnt have to train for a job they just send you your welfare check 
on a poise budget amendment
amendment a balanced budget on
on a balanced budget amendment 
mcginty antecedently told a local community newspaper in her native city of brotherly love that she has found an appal undercurrent of misinformed people in the t part of the state outside of city of brotherly love and pittsburgh
mcginty previously told a local community newspaper she her native philadelphia that in t undercurrent an alarming found of misinformed people in the has part of the state outside of philadelphia and pittsburgh
mcginty previously told a local community newspaper in her native philadelphia that she has found an alarming undercurrent of misinformed people in the t part of the state outside of philadelphia and pittsburgh 
The economy, by every metric, is better than when I came into office.
Says Mitt Romney opposes requiring employers to cover contraception and would eliminate funding for Planned Parenthood.
Said that his batting average with Congress is higher than every other president since Dwight D. Eisenhower except Lyndon Johnson.
the goal of common political is to instill federally and attitudes and mindsets in students including core determined religious beliefs
the destination of common core is to instill federally determined attitudes and mindsets in students including political and religious feeling
the goal of common core is to instill federally determined attitudes and mindsets in students including political and religious beliefs 
there have been published polls in this election cycle and one reids been trailing in every single harry
there have been published polls in this election motorcycle and harry reids been trailing in every single one
there have been published polls in this election cycle and harry reids been trailing in every single one 
Says Tom Barrett plans to spend $100 million on a trolley that goes barely two miles on the east side of Milwaukee.
Historically, Senate ratification of arms control treaties has been bipartisan.
says state senate candidate aaron bean voted to give health care subsidies to illegal immigrant
says state senate candidate aaron illegal voted to give health care subsidies to bean immigrants
says state senate candidate aaron bean voted to give health care subsidies to illegal immigrants 
Our rainy day fund has gone from 89 cents to $240 million.
the state approved that democrats budget left wisconsin taxpayers billion in debt
the state of matter budget that democrats approved left wisconsin taxpayers billion in debt
the state budget that democrats approved left wisconsin taxpayers billion in debt 
Says Gloria Steinem once called Kay Bailey Hutchison a female impersonator.
Says in the Legislature, (Mary Nolan) has been a party-line Democrat, showing a 100% track record in harmony with the American Civil Liberties Union.
Says the House Rules Committee is the only panel, other than the Intelligence and Ethics committees, not able to telecast proceedings in its main hearing room.
Says enrolling a student in a subsidized lunch program triggers an at risk designation, resulting in an extra $6,000 to $7,000 of state school aid per student.
Says first eight chosen to draw Austin City Council districts are seven Democratic primary voters and one Republican primary voter.
"(My dad) used to campaign against the gas-guzzling dinosaurs."
Says President Obama waited two weeks to call the attack in Libya terror.
farm out creation has gotten worse each year that scott walker has been governor
job creation has has worse each year that scott walker gotten been governor
job creation has gotten worse each year that scott walker has been governor 
Says the Pentagon has never passed a financial audit. In fact, the Pentagon is exempt from a federal law that requires all federal agencies to complete annual audits.
Obamacare is so flat-out unpopular, that even the Obama administration chose to reject part of Obamacare last Friday, when they tried to throw out the CLASS Act, which is the long-term care function.
Says Jeanne Shaheen has voted with the president 99 percent of the time.
President Clinton reduced the scale of our military dramatically.
"We now have the greatest income inequality since the Great Depression."
says obama called israel a constant sore that infects u foreign s policy
says obama called israel a incessant sore that infects u s foreign policy
says obama called israel a constant sore that infects u s foreign policy 
allege nevada lawmakers voted to allow teenaged boys to shower with your teenaged girls in public school locker rooms
to nevada lawmakers voted to allow teenaged boys says shower with your teenaged girls in public school locker rooms
says nevada lawmakers voted to allow teenaged boys to shower with your teenaged girls in public school locker rooms 
gov rick scott tried to quetch people off the voter rolls
gov rick scott tried people kick to off the voter rolls
gov rick scott tried to kick people off the voter rolls 
the crime rate in some atlanta neighborhoods has dropped by to per centum
the crime rate in some atlanta neighborhoods to dropped by has percent
the crime rate in some atlanta neighborhoods has dropped by to percent 
bioweapon zika virus is being spread by gmo mosquito sic
bioweapon sic virus is being spread by gmo mosquitos zika
bioweapon zika virus is being spread by gmo mosquitos sic 
on miscarriage
abortion on
on abortion 
The 1908 Model T earned better gas mileage than a typical SUV sold in 2008.
All the money the Department of Citrus has is paid for by the citrus growers. You dont save dollars by eliminating the Department of Citrus.
Today, when people retire in Galveston County, Texas, they retire making at least 50 percent more than they would ever get out of Social Security.
The EPA was asked about an environmental citation for the city landfill in Nashua, N.H. but didnt know why it was cited.
Says the 3C Corridor train would have taken an hour and 15 minutes longer to carry passengers across Ohio than it would have taken on a New York Central train in 1935.
the government will go out and buy pump breast my for my babies
the government will go out and buy my breast heart for my babies
the government will go out and buy my breast pump for my babies 
there is a very identifiable somali community rearward home in delaware
there is a very identifiable somali community back home in delaware
there is a very identifiable somali community back home in delaware 
says pay gubernatorial candidate scott walker increased his own republican by
says republican gubernatorial candidate scott walker increased his own salary by
says republican gubernatorial candidate scott walker increased his own pay by 
palin said stimulus money for weatherization required universal energy edifice codes for alaska kind of a one size fits all edifice computer code that isnt depart to work up there in alaska
palin said stimulus money for universal required that energy building one for alaska kind of a codes size fits all building code weatherization isnt going to work up there in alaska
palin said stimulus money for weatherization required universal energy building codes for alaska kind of a one size fits all building code that isnt going to work up there in alaska 
my opponent has no child maintenance plan
care opponent has no child my plan
my opponent has no child care plan 
Says Rick Perry wrote a newspaper item saying he was open to amnesty for illegal immigrants in the United States.
Says the Clinton Foundation accepted millions and millions of dollars from governments like Algeria, Saudi Arabia, Oman and the United Arab Emirates, which violated a ban on all contributions to the Foundation from foreign nations.
Says Debbie Wasserman Schultz has these offshore accounts like Mitt Romney.
Says Republican U.S. Senate candidate Ted Cruz opposes the DREAM Act, which is supported by 85% of Latinos.
A bill to aid state and local governments is fully paid-for by closing costly corporate tax loopholes.
Says the stimulus bill sent tax credits overseas, such as tens of millions of dollars to build traffic lights in China.
Says Democratic recall opponent Shelly Moore opposes any limit on taxes.
"I am a candidate. I have not withdrawn."
The majority support (raising) the minimum wage.
says president barack obama has not proposed thing that would change the fact that warren buffett pays a lower tax rate than his secretaire
says president barack obama has not one proposed thing that would change the fact that warren tax pays a lower buffett rate than his secretary
says president barack obama has not proposed one thing that would change the fact that warren buffett pays a lower tax rate than his secretary 
floridians have lost their insurance health as a result of obamacare
floridians have lost their health policy as a result of obamacare
floridians have lost their health insurance as a result of obamacare 
Says Mitt Romney had millions in a Swiss bank account.
Most of the state budget isnt for state government doing things. ... 85 percent of the state budget is transferred to local communities for delivery of service.
The United States spends almost three times per capita what they spend in the U.K. on health care and 50 percent more than they pay in France.
Marco Rubio opposes extending unemployment benefits.
President Obama has worked to change Medicare for the worse by creating an unelected, unaccountable panel with the power to deny coverage of certain treatments.
Liberal out-of-state special interests are spending millions on 5 and 6 to change the way Florida draws its congressional and legislative districts.
According to one study, the minimum wage today is worth $2 less than in 1968.
the dream act the would to amnesty give over two million illegal aliens
the dream play the would give amnesty to over two million illegal aliens
the dream act the would give amnesty to over two million illegal aliens 
for four years we balanced the budget and paid off in debt
for four years we balanced the budget in paid off billion and debt
for four years we balanced the budget and paid off billion in debt 
donald trumps education plan to dramatically thrash about funding for public education would fire texas teachers
donald trumps education plan funding dramatically slash to for public education would fire texas teachers
donald trumps education plan to dramatically slash funding for public education would fire texas teachers 
Says U.S. Senate candidate Adam Hasner cited his efforts to weaken pro-life and school choice legislation as unequivocal proof that hes a moderate.
Science is very certain that the measles vaccine doesnt cause autism.
Says Republican U.S. Senate candidate Tommy Thompson supports massive tax cuts for corporations that outsource Wisconsin jobs.
We have cut taxes more than 40 times in four years.
A tax on soda and juice drinks would disproportionately increase taxes on low-income families in Philadelphia.
After taking hundreds of thousands of dollars from Goldman Sachs and other Wall Street banks, (Debbie Wasserman Schultz) has voted to prevent the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau from regulating payday loans and addressing racial discrimination in car loans.
kip kinkel and clackamas town center shootings both where citizen with accelerator pedal stopped the crime
the kinkel and clackamas town center shootings both where citizen with gun stopped kip crime
kip kinkel and clackamas town center shootings both where citizen with gun stopped the crime
not a single disarm white person has been shot by the police in new york in about years
not a single unarmed white person has been shot by the new in police york in about years
not a single unarmed white person has been shot by the police in new york in about years 
If I had not asked for my emails all to be made public, none of this would have been in the public arena.
In the wake of hurricanes Katrina and Rita, offshore drilling "did not cause any real difficulties."
Says taxes were raised 115 times in the eight years before I became governor and those increases were part of a path that led to wealth and jobs and people leaving our state.
The Georgia Secretary of States Office and the Georgia State Elections Board investigate and penalize hundreds of people guilty of election fraud.
oregon leads the nation in number jobs of per capita in manufacturing
oregon leads the nation in number of jobs per capita in fabrication
oregon leads the nation in number of jobs per capita in manufacturing 
Californias Proposition 63 would CRIMINALIZE the sharing of ammunition between friends who may be hunting or shooting together.
the obama administration has act constrained lead the oil pollution been of which basically gives the responsible party the by role only trying to not in fix the problem but contain the problem
the obama administration has been constrained by the anoint pollution act of which basically pass the responsible party the lead theatrical role in trying to not only fix the problem but contain the problem
the obama administration has been constrained by the oil pollution act of which basically gives the responsible party the lead role in trying to not only fix the problem but contain the problem 
Electric utility FirstEnergys annual revenues are greater than the GDP of Haiti, Kyrgyzstan, Iceland, or 15 African nations.
Under my predecessor, they cut funding for education, but they didnt give them anything in return to make up for that, leading to less money for school districts
George Allen voted for 40,000 earmarks.
political libertarian party is the third largest the party in the u s
the libertarian company is the third largest political company in the u s
the libertarian party is the third largest political party in the u s 
Taxes on groceries and medicine will rise under a plan to improve roads and rail for metro Atlanta.
Says the unemployment rate for African-American youths is 59 percent.
New Glarus Brewing Co.s Spotted Cow is available only in Wisconsin.
Says he did the very best in a recent poll in Iowa matching up each of the major Republican presidential candidates against President Barack Obama.
Says Democratic recall opponent Mahlon Mitchell sent a letter encouraging folks to boycott more than 100 companies.
the military s u is at air of losing its military risk because our navy is smaller than its been since our superiority force is smaller and older than any time since
the u s armed forces is at risk of losing its armed forces superiority because our navy is smaller than its been since our air out ram is smaller and older than any time since
the u s military is at risk of losing its military superiority because our navy is smaller than its been since our air force is smaller and older than any time since 
all legislative mail from the content to the timing is sanctioned by the speakers office
all legislative mail from the content to the timing is approved office the speakers by
all legislative mail from the content to the timing is approved by the speakers office 
were above million moslem radicalized more than half the moslem on land thats not a minority thats now a majority
were above the muslims radicalized more than half million muslims on earth thats thats a minority not now a majority
were above million muslims radicalized more than half the muslims on earth thats not a minority thats now a majority 
A Waushara County school closed because of state budget cuts supported by Republican Wisconsin state Sen. Luther Olsen.
The Trans-Texas Corridor is dead.
"If we just froze spending at 2007 levels ... by 2013 we would balance the budget ... and by 2020 we would cut the national debt in half."
set magaziner plans to spend billions more of your money
seth magaziner plans to your billions more of spend money
seth magaziner plans to spend billions more of your money 
president barack obama wants to take in masses from syria
president barack wants obama to take in people from syria
president barack obama wants to take in people from syria 
under the cap and trade bill homes would have to meet sold to be energy and water efficiency standards before they could be retrofitted
under the cap and trade bill homes would have to be retrofitted to fulfil energy and irrigate efficiency standards before they could be sold
under the cap and trade bill homes would have to be retrofitted to meet energy and water efficiency standards before they could be sold 
Virginias educational level among whites is higher than Georgias.
says the donald watt second trump foundations money is his money
says the money j trump foundations donald is his money
says the donald j trump foundations money is his money 
Its been nearly three weeks since the president has commented on questions about possible hidden wait lists at veterans hospitals.
on allowing shelby countys schools merger commission to finish work before allowing any new merger legislating
on allowing shelby countys schools merger commission to finish work allowing before any new merger legislation
on allowing shelby countys schools merger commission to finish work before allowing any new merger legislation 
41,200 veterans in Florida dont have health care because Scott didnt expand Medicaid.
[Hillary Clinton]s not trusted -- virtually at all.
the republicans just voted live on year to end medicare
year republicans just voted last the to end medicare
the republicans just voted last year to end medicare 
A proposed U.S. Labor Department rule for children working on farms would even ban youth from operating a battery-powered screwdriver or a pressurized garden hose.
Under Hosni Mubaraks rule, Egypt received more American dollars than any country besides Israel.
you know our current chairwoman is muslim you know hes not even an american
know you our current president is muslim you know hes not even an american
you know our current president is muslim you know hes not even an american 
Says the typical homeowner will pay $4 more per month if library district passes.
has the headlines tell the story of how walker says mismanaged milwaukee county
says the headlines tell the story of how walker has mismanage milwaukee county
says the headlines tell the story of how walker has mismanaged milwaukee county
Probably less than 4 percent of Wisconsin residents are enjoying the subsidies from Obamacare.
8 Syrians caught at Texas border in Laredo.
Five members of [the Common Cause Georgia] board accepted maximum campaign contributions.
every other democracy in the globe has a health care system that covers everybody and we dont
every other democracy in the world has a health care that system covers everybody and we dont
every other democracy in the world has a health care system that covers everybody and we dont 
million tom nelson backed higher taxes on social security costing wisconsin seniors says
says tom nelson backed higher taxes on social certificate costing wisconsin seniors million
says tom nelson backed higher taxes on social security costing wisconsin seniors million 
The U.S. has the highest unintended pregnancy rate of any Western industrialized country.
"Bill White used D.C. connections from his job in the Clinton administration to form a company that did business in the Middle East and defaulted on a $60 million loan."
Says Nathan Deal killed pro-gun bills in 2013.
"I do provide universal health care."
on the last night of the general assembly by oclock to percent of the business was done so we really didnt have that lately night academic term we were just give on one bill
on the so night of the general assembly by oclock to percent of the business was done we bill really didnt have that late night session we were just holding on one last
on the last night of the general assembly by oclock to percent of the business was done so we really didnt have that late night session we were just holding on one bill 
says she was didnt and misquoted say that are israeli ambassador said what the republicans the doing is dangerous for israel
says she was misquoted and didnt say that the israeli embassador said what the republicans are doing is life threatening for israel
says she was misquoted and didnt say that the israeli ambassador said what the republicans are doing is dangerous for israel 
Says his promise of 250,000 new private sector jobs was a big goal.
says donald his always pays trump bills promptly
says donald trump always pays his poster promptly
says donald trump always pays his bills promptly 
One would have to go back more than a century to find a scenario where a presidents nominee for the Supreme Court was confirmed by the opposition party in the Senate when the vacancy occurred during an election year.
More than three women per day lose their lives at the hands of their partners.
Ninety percent of people living in Gaza dont have access even to water.
and barack obama said that that men and women are too small ordinary to govern their own affairs says minded individuals should surrender their rights to an all powerful sovereign
says barack obama said that ordinary men and char are too small minded to rule their own matter and that individuals should surrender their rights to an all powerful sovereign
says barack obama said that ordinary men and women are too small minded to govern their own affairs and that individuals should surrender their rights to an all powerful sovereign 
promotes a chart saying that barack obama has increased compared debt by percent w to george the bush who increased it by percent
upgrade a chart saying that barack obama has increase the debt by percent compared to george w bush who increase it by percent
promotes a chart saying that barack obama has increased the debt by percent compared to george w bush who increased it by percent 
says a valet de chambre in ferguson mo was photographed holding a sign that said no mother should have to fear for her sons life every time he robs a memory
says man a in ferguson mo was photographed holding a sign that said no mother should have robs fear for her sons life every time he to a store
says a man in ferguson mo was photographed holding a sign that said no mother should have to fear for her sons life every time he robs a store 
Says Hillary Clinton went toe-to-toe with Russia as secretary of state to do the New START agreement to reduce Russias nuclear stockpile.
America has lost nearlyone third of its manufacturing jobs since 1997, following the enactment of disastrous trade deals supported by Bill and Hillary Clinton.
says rick perry and the republican controlled texas general assembly managed to slash the budget of the volunteer fire department in our state by percent in the last legislative session reducing their ability to fight recent wildfires
says rick perry and the republican controlled texas legislature managed to slash the budget of the volunteer fire departments by our session in percent last the in legislative state reducing their abilities to fight recent wildfires
says rick perry and the republican controlled texas legislature managed to slash the budget of the volunteer fire departments in our state by percent in the last legislative session reducing their abilities to fight recent wildfires 
[Former Georgia congressman] Bob Barr voted ... to raise his own pay.
Says Mitt Romneys plan calls for a $5 trillion tax cut.
Louisianas film incentives program is so big they actually shot an upcoming film initially titled Dont Mess With Texas in New Orleans!
Says Scott Walker wants to make abortion illegal, even in cases of rape, incest or to protect the life of the mother.
It is estimated that Arizona has lost more than $100 million in hospitality industry revenues since passage of the Arizona immigration laws.
The Seattle Times called Patty Murray a prolific sponsor of earmarks. Patty even defended the Bridge to Nowhere.
Theres going to be a slowdown and delays in flights as a result of the sequester.
Virginia now is the number one exporter of (agricultural) products to Cuba. We have now jumped to number one.
McCain economic adviser Phil Gramm is "the architect of some of the deregulation in Washington that helped cause the mess on Wall Street."
There are more members of the U.S. Senate than the number of WI families who would benefit from GOP estate tax break.
New Jersey has the second highest rate of institutionalization of people with developmental disabilities in America. Only Texas puts more of its citizens -- confines more of its citizens -- to institutions than New Jersey.
The spillover violence (from Mexico) in Texas is real and it is escalating.
Says of Mitch McConnell,What can happen in 30 years? A senator can become a multi-millionaire in public office.
Since taking office, President Obama has signed into law spending increases of nearly 25 percent for domestic government agencies, an 84 percent increase when you include the failed stimulus.
paula obama supported and campaigned for barack deen
paula deen put up and campaigned for barack obama
paula deen supported and campaigned for barack obama 
In Virginia, Medicaid has grown by 1,600 percent in the last 30 years.
creflo dollar donald endorsed republican has trump for president
creflo dollar has endorsed republican river donald trump for president
creflo dollar has endorsed republican donald trump for president 
Russia and China absolutely said clearly they would not keep economic sanctions on Iran if the United States walked away from the deal.
Says Mitt Romneys plan rolls back regulations on banks.
if austin voters pooh pooh proposition a completely new city run criminal background check process will cost millions in processing fees extra staff and bureaucracy with taxpayers getting the bill
if austin voters reject proposition and completely new city run criminal background check process taxpayers cost millions in processing fees additional staff a bureaucracy with will getting the bill
if austin voters reject proposition a completely new city run criminal background check process will cost millions in processing fees additional staff and bureaucracy with taxpayers getting the bill 
In the states that allow open carry, violent crime was 23 percentlower.
Says76 percent of all voters in the United States say they want Johnson-Weld, by name, in the presidential debates.
Says New Jersey is losing 50 football fields of open space to development every day and the more we develop upstream the more flooding we have downstream.
Many of (Hillary Clintons) friends took bigger deductions (than me). Warren Buffett took a massive deduction. (George) Soros, who is a friend of hers, took a massive deduction.
Says, Carl proposed a windfall tax on real estate development when he was a Metro Councilor.
Says 93 percent of blacks in America are killed by other blacks.
We live in "a time of historically low violent crime rates and historically high gun ownership rates nationally."
nelson bill voted for higher taxes times
bill nelson voted for higher taxis times
bill nelson voted for higher taxes times 
Charges on the Republican Party of Florida credit card were made with my money.
Says U.S. Senate candidate Tammy Baldwin proposed a $3.9 trillion tax increase -- a tax increase so extreme that even Nancy Pelosi voted against it.
a scott rothstein victim says that he was swindled crist charlie by
a scott rothstein victim pronounce that he was swindled by charlie crist
a scott rothstein victim says that he was swindled by charlie crist 
We have the fourth highest in-state tuition for public universities in the country.
Says Scott Bruun supports allowing corporations to secretly funnel millions of dollars to front groups to finance attack ads.
The president said he was going to create daylight between ourselves and Israel.
says debo adegbile was nominated to serve as a estimate on the u s circuit court of charm and was abruptly withdrawn by the administration
says debo adegbile was nominated to serve as a judge on the u s circuit abruptly of by and was court withdrawn appeals the administration
says debo adegbile was nominated to serve as a judge on the u s circuit court of appeals and was abruptly withdrawn by the administration 
pls refer to january tax changes appropriately theyre obama tax hikes theyll slam every americans savings investments job opportunity
appropriately refer to jan tax changes pls theyre obama tax hikes theyll slam every americans savings investments job opportunity
pls refer to jan tax changes appropriately theyre obama tax hikes theyll slam every americans savings investments job opportunity
Rep. Paul Hodes, D-N.H., voted for the pork-filled stimulus bill -- $1.9 million to study ants in Africa, $39 million for office upgrades for politicians.
Without ethanol, gas prices would be at least 15% higher. With gas at four bucks, that means youre saving 12 bucks on a 20 gallon fill up.
Says Paul Workman voted in the Democrat primary, supporting Democrats with his vote.
says congressman eric cantor wants to eliminate sociable security
says congressman cantor eric wants to eliminate social security
says congressman eric cantor wants to eliminate social security 
Says Donald Trump has said he wants to be neutral on Israel and the Palestinians
"In April, Sen. McCain came out against helping women earn equal pay for equal work."
says the obama disposal plans to ban all weapons for u s citizens through international treaties
says the obama administration plans to ban all weapons for through s citizens u international treaties
says the obama administration plans to ban all weapons for u s citizens through international treaties 
Says Fort Hood near Killeen, Texas, is the largest military installation in the free world.
As attorney general, I have prosecuted judges, district attorneys and other public officials across Texas who violated that (public) trust, who have been corrupted.
Forty-seven percent of Americans pay no income tax.
Macys sent a letter to Rick Perry urging him to veto equal pay bill.
says ted cruzs father was with lee harvey oswald before the character assassination of president john f kennedy
says with cruzs father was ted lee harvey oswald before the assassination of president john f kennedy
says ted cruzs father was with lee harvey oswald before the assassination of president john f kennedy 
Because of Democratic tax hikes, New Jersey ended a decade with fewer private sector jobs for the first time in recorded history.
says mitt romney would to gay people the right deny adopt children
says mitt romney would deny gay people the right to take in children
says mitt romney would deny gay people the right to adopt children 
Says U.S. Rep. Bruce Poliquin voted to force seniors to pay more for prescription drugs.
Austin is the biggest city in America with a Tier One research university (UT-Austin) but without a medical school.
in for island a recent study showed that among a group of people rhode had been homeless who a year or more medicaid costs averaged about per person
in rhode island a holocene epoch report showed that among a group of people who had been homeless for a year or more medicaid costs averaged about per person
in rhode island a recent study showed that among a group of people who had been homeless for a year or more medicaid costs averaged about per person 
on protecting social security benefits and changing age retirement the
on protect social security benefits and changing the retirement age
on protecting social security benefits and changing the retirement age 
Legally, it doesnt make any difference which state district you live in when running for Congress.
Says his tax and fee cuts will save households $540 over two years.
Americans bought into climate change in 2004-06, but then most began wandering away from this issue.
baseball and industries are the only insurance exempt from antitrust laws
baseball and policy are the only industries exempt from antitrust laws
baseball and insurance are the only industries exempt from antitrust laws 
health the care law includes tort reform
the wellness care law includes tort reform
the health care law includes tort reform 
Says women care most about jobs and the economy
McCain tells of a fellow Vietnam POW who was beaten for fashioning an American flag that became an inspirational symbol to fellow POWs.
Already, the Affordable Care Act is helping to slow the growth of (Medicares) health care costs.
Mt. Hood Community College is No. 1 on average and top faculty pay and benefits.
The health care bills will be mandated spending. You cant cut it, regardless of the budget circumstances.
If the U.S. stops adding to the Strategic Petroleum Reserve, it "will lessen worldwide demand for oil" and reduce prices.
Every survey shows strong satisfaction with private coverage.
Says 600,000 to 700,000 government workers have been laid off in the last year and a half
Says President Barack Obama added $6.5 trillion to the national debt in his first term, more than the $6.3 trillion added by the previous 43 presidents combined.
china nuclear trying to develop is capability
mainland china is trying to develop nuclear capability
china is trying to develop nuclear capability 
I cast the deciding vote extending Medicaid health care coverage to 50,000 of our fellow citizens,
McCain "voted to cut education funding, against accountability standards. He even proposed abolishing the Department of Education."
new jersey alone my home say is present a ten and a half billion clam shortfall in its fiscal budget this means more cuts in say and local spending for education which means our kids are hurt
means jersey alone my home state is facing a ten and a half billion dollar shortfall in its fiscal budget this and more means in state cuts local spending for education which new our kids are hurt
new jersey alone my home state is facing a ten and a half billion dollar shortfall in its fiscal budget this means more cuts in state and local spending for education which means our kids are hurt 
says mexico as president barack obama has not gone to the texas that border
says that as president barack obama has not become to the texas mexico border
says that as president barack obama has not gone to the texas mexico border
Today, the deficit is below the average deficits over the past 40 years.
says around percent of jobs created in the united states in november were in texas
says approximately percent of jobs created in the united november in states were in texas
says approximately percent of jobs created in the united states in november were in texas 
next year you will be mandate by federal law to get rid of your existing light bulbs
next year you rid be mandated by federal law to get will of your existing light bulbs
next year you will be mandated by federal law to get rid of your existing light bulbs 
Were not allowed to read it (the Trans-Pacific Partnership) before representatives vote on it.
Our average private sector employee pays 23 percent for their health care. Our average city worker in Ohio pays 9 percent.
Says Republicans have declared that theyre going to convert the Medicare program into a voucher program.
a recent report controlling the presidents deficit commission was completely empty on from health care costs
a recent describe from the presidents deficit commission was completely empty on controlling health care costs
a recent report from the presidents deficit commission was completely empty on controlling health care costs 
new financial regulation actually guarantees future bailouts of paries street banks
of financial regulation actually guarantees future bailouts new wall street banks
new financial regulation actually guarantees future bailouts of wall street banks 
Bill Nelsons vote for the Affordable Care Act cuts $500 billion from Medicare to pay for new government programs.
Congress is on a five-week vacation.
The American people dont want us to raise taxes.
Says U.S.-Mexico border has 1 million legal border crossings each and every day.
Given the results of the primary, the vote of one New Hampshire superdelegate is equal to the votes of about 10,000 grassroots activists.
Driving with a dog in your lap is dangerous, in part, because it could fly forward in a crash. An 80-pound dog at only 30 mph packs a 2,400-pound punch.
"Rick Scott's even saying he wants more offshore drilling."
Says more Austinites voted in the citys 1973 election featuring a mayors race than in the citys most recent mayoral election.
The voting public had no say in the Atlanta regions proposed transportation project list.
Weve seen priests beheaded by the Islamic rebels on the other side. Weve also seen an Islamic rebel eating the heart of a soldier.
Experts say the property tax is the most harmful to economic growth and . . . the sales tax is least harmful.
TriMet is spending 4.2 million in fed funds to save $168K per year.
A 2011 measure passed into law with Wendy Davis support removes from the attorney general the ability to settle lawsuits just like the school funding case.
Peachtree and Pine is one of the leading sites for tuberculosis in the nation.
"(McCain) was opposed to ethanol. Now he's for it."
cancer and matters to do with kidney failure kill more people in kenya today than malaria tb and assist combined
today and matters to do with kidney failure kill more kenya in people cancer than malaria tuberculosis and aids combined
cancer and matters to do with kidney failure kill more people in kenya today than malaria tuberculosis and aids combined 
750 days since Bill Nelson the Democrats in the Senate passed a budget. How can this be justified?
rhode islands teen gourmandize drinking rate is double the national average
rhode islands double binge drinking rate is teen the national average
rhode islands teen binge drinking rate is double the national average 
As President George W. Bushs trade representative, Portman failed to address Chinas currency manipulation, which was inflated to as much as 40 percent in 2006.
Medicaid patients were 97 percent more likely to die than those with private insurance.
Rick Scotts company is partners with Playboy in a social networking website that has community pages specifically geared towards gay dating.
demand record public transportation is reaching for levels in wisconsin
demand for populace transportation is reaching record levels in wisconsin
demand for public transportation is reaching record levels in wisconsin 
says many multitude ive talked to are angry that because of city hall inactiveness we may have to expend a needless million to cover and treat our pure drinking water
to many and ive talked to are angry that because of city treat inaction we may have to spend a needless million says cover people hall our pure drinking water
says many people ive talked to are angry that because of city hall inaction we may have to spend a needless million to cover and treat our pure drinking water 
the katy freeway or interstate west of houston is the widest freeway in the world with up to lanes including facade route lanes
the katy freeway the widest west of houston is the interstate freeway in or world with up to lanes including frontage road lanes
the katy freeway or interstate west of houston is the widest freeway in the world with up to lanes including frontage road lanes 
today gasoline hit a gallon florida in
today gasoline smasher a gallon in florida
today gasoline hit a gallon in florida 
The majority of Austinites rent the places they live.
The health care bill "dumps 15 to 18 million low-income Americans into a Medicaid program that none of us want to be a part of because 50 percent of doctors won't see new patients."
In Massachusetts under Mitt Romney, unemployment went down, household incomes went up, and the state saw its credit rating upgraded.
This is the most generous country in the world when it comes to immigration. There are a million people a year who legally immigrate to the United States.
When Moammar Gadhafi was set to visit the United Nations, and no one would let him stay in New York, Trump allowed Gadhafi to set up an elaborate tent at his Westchester County (New York) estate.
Even Richard Nixon released his tax returns to the public when he was running for president ...
weve seen in this last come tremendous things happening including our unemployment rate year down percentage points
weve seen in this last year tremendous things happening including our unemployment pace come down percentage points
weve seen in this last year tremendous things happening including our unemployment rate come down percentage points 
Large phone companies and their trade association have hired 35 registered lobbyists to influence and pass SB 271 (deregulation legislation).
Forty-seven percent of (members of Congress) are millionaires.
there was a red of eight million jobs during the bush eight years
there was a bush of eight million jobs during the loss eight years
there was a loss of eight million jobs during the bush eight years 
Hes been in office nearly four years now, but 40% of Wisconsinites dont know who (U.S. Sen.) Ron Johnson is.
New England already has access to ample supplies of natural gas.
says a question about his financial skills at the cnbc debate included discredited attacks from populist and my political opposite
says a democrats about his financial skills at the cnbc debate included discredited attacks from and question my political opponents
says a question about his financial skills at the cnbc debate included discredited attacks from democrats and my political opponents 
today there are more men and women out of work in america than there are people shape in canada
today there are working men and women out of work in america than there are people more in canada
today there are more men and women out of work in america than there are people working in canada 
"Iraq is costing each household about $100 a month."
our jobless rate our unemployment rate is the the of all of lowest big cities in new jersey
our jobless rate our unemployment rate is the lowest of all of the big cities in newly jersey
our jobless rate our unemployment rate is the lowest of all of the big cities in new jersey 
Crime in Atlanta is down 18 percent since 2009.
Says there are $500 billion in Medicare cuts required to pay for this flawed [health care law].
Obama said (the individual mandate) wasnt a tax.
Refinanced $232.6 million in bonds, resulting in reduced debt service for the City.
supreme court nominee merrick voted garland to uphold d c s ban on handguns
supreme motor hotel nominee merrick garland voted to uphold d c s ban on handguns
supreme court nominee merrick garland voted to uphold d c s ban on handguns 
Between 1990 and 2013, the maternal mortality rate for women in the U.S. has increased by 136%.
Since I took office, weve created 76,800 jobs.
We have 33,000 people a year who die from guns.
"If there were not derivatives, there would be no bank loans at all today."
rep robert hurt voted again today to end medicare and raise health manage costs for virginia seniors
rep medicare hurt voted again today to end robert and raise health care costs for virginia seniors
rep robert hurt voted again today to end medicare and raise health care costs for virginia seniors 
The Obama administration actually cut out the democracy in Egypt funds inside the State Department.
On torture.
ted strickland put down ohio jobs when he busted the budget
ted strickland destroyed ohio busted when he jobs the budget
ted strickland destroyed ohio jobs when he busted the budget 
democrats plan to the student loan interest rates small by raising taxes on low businesses very small businesses keep kinds of small businesses that give jobs to graduates
populist plan to keep student loan interest shop low by raising taxes on small businesses very small businesses the kinds of small businesses that give jobs to graduates
democrats plan to keep student loan interest rates low by raising taxes on small businesses very small businesses the kinds of small businesses that give jobs to graduates 
U.S. Senate candidate Jack Kingston spent our tax dollars on thousands of wasteful earmarks.
Even members of the NRA, when they were polled recently, were under the impression that everyone has a criminal background check.
a congressional budget office report says president barack obamas executive edict to raise the minimum wage for new federal contract workers will cost the economy line of work
new congressional budget a report says president barack obamas executive order to raise the minimum wage for office federal contract workers will cost the economy jobs
a congressional budget office report says president barack obamas executive order to raise the minimum wage for new federal contract workers will cost the economy jobs 
the federal government is sending refugees to states with governors who are republicans not to the democrat
the federal government is sending refugees to states with are who governors republicans not to the democrats
the federal government is sending refugees to states with governors who are republicans not to the democrats 
The Democrats are responsible for the swift, mindless drawdown of a military that was generations in the making.
Rhode Island has the most burdensome level of health-insurance mandates in the nation.
The national unemployment rate has been above 8 percent for a record 36 months.
Says Marco Rubio didnt show up for a vote on his own bill on sanctions against Hezbollah.
onto a public health care option million americans will lose what from now get they private companies and be forced under the government run rolls more businesses decide it is as cost effective for them to drop coverage
under a public health care selection million americans will lose what they now get from private companies and be forced onto the government run rolls as businesses decide it is more cost in effect for them to dribble coverage
under a public health care option million americans will lose what they now get from private companies and be forced onto the government run rolls as businesses decide it is more cost effective for them to drop coverage 
a cashier earning per year rate the same tax income virginia pays as a hedge fund manager earning million per year
a cashier earning per class pays the same virginia income tax rate as a hedge fund manager earning per class
a cashier earning per year pays the same virginia income tax rate as a hedge fund manager earning million per year 
with a bill bringing million in prop tax relief the typical wisconsin homeowner will save approximately over four years
with a wisconsin bringing million in property tax relief the typical bill homeowner will save approximately over four years
with a bill bringing million in property tax relief the typical wisconsin homeowner will save approximately over four years 
"It (Georgia) was one of the earliest Christian nations. The king of then-Georgia in the third century converted to Christianity."
Amendment 2 will put almost 2,000 pot shops in Florida ... more pot shops than Walmart and Walgreens combined.
In the Republican presidential debate in New Hampshire, none of the candidates mentioned the middle class or education.
Says Romney invested in a firm that made goods in China that could have been made here in America.
the health forethought reform bill on page outlaws private insurance
the health care reform outlaws on page bill private insurance
the health care reform bill on page outlaws private insurance 
to rachel zenzinger was on the arvada city council she voted when spend junket funds for a taxpayer to china
when rachel zenzinger was on the arvada city council she voted to spend taxpayer funds for a pleasure trip to chinaware
when rachel zenzinger was on the arvada city council she voted to spend taxpayer funds for a junket to china 
the sulfide was used in hydrogen genocide of jews in germany
hydrogen sulfide was used in the genocide of jews in deutschland
hydrogen sulfide was used in the genocide of jews in germany 
Says U.S. Sen. Ron Johnson, R-Wisconsin, was elected in a very low turnout race.
More than half of our unemployed Ohioans have been out of work for six months or more.
Says five Democratic state senators were for her bicycle tailgating bill before they were against it.
Theres not a single, solitary example that signing the bill to end Glass-Steagall had anything to do with the financial crash.
import support for the export on bank
on support for the export import coin bank
on support for the export import bank
percent of president barack administration obamas has never worked outside government
percent of president barack obamas administration has never exercise outside government
percent of president barack obamas administration has never worked outside government 
the stimulus bill didnt create one young job
one stimulus bill didnt create the new job
the stimulus bill didnt create one new job 
Says U.S. Senate opponent Ron Johnson is opposed to all government-assisted student loans.
Big Oil gave Scott Brown $454,260.
In Cuyahoga County ... 56 percent of weekend voters in 2008 were African American while adult African Americans comprise 28 percent of the county population.
Says El Paso is the safest city of our size in the nation.
says the stimulation bill sent tax credits abroad such as billion to a solar company thats building a plant in mexico
says the stimulus bill sent tax credits overseas such as billion plant company solar a thats building a to in mexico
says the stimulus bill sent tax credits overseas such as billion to a solar company thats building a plant in mexico 
"We can prevent terror suspects from boarding an airplane, but the FBI doesn't have the power to block them from buying dynamite or an AK-47."
Im ninth generation from New Hampshire.
Wisconsin Republicans repealed a statewide fair pay law that made sure women are treated fairly on the job.
Under a proposed Georgia law, women who miscarry could become felons.
Since 2000, when he entered politics, Jon Husted has been on the ballot six times for three different political offices.
Georgia has some of the highest gas taxes in the Southeast but one of the lowest taxes on gasoline for transportation in the nation.
(Paul Ryan) has actually proposed three total, three bills that have become law in his entire career dating back to 1999.
only the state of new house of york spends more money on medicaid than the state of new jersey
only the state of new york spends more money on medicaid than the state jersey new of
only the state of new york spends more money on medicaid than the state of new jersey 
Cantors campaign spent more at steakhouses than Brat spent on his entire campaign.
"The average South Korean is3 inches taller than the average North Korean, a huge gulag."
We cut property taxes by one-third.
an self employed person payment advisory board created by the health care reform law can ration care and deny certain medicare discussion
deny independent treatments advisory board created by the health care reform law can ration care and an certain medicare payment
an independent payment advisory board created by the health care reform law can ration care and deny certain medicare treatments 
say her accomplishments include a fiscally responsible budget agreement that controls state spending
says her accomplishments include a fiscally budget responsible agreement that controls state spending
says her accomplishments include a fiscally responsible budget agreement that controls state spending 
Says state schools superintendent candidate Don Pridemore voted for the largest cuts to public education in our state history and for $2.3 billion in tax breaks for corporations and the wealthy.
Says David Perdue built his business career outsourcing American jobs.
Some of the colleges, including AM, have already guaranteed that they will not increase their tuition.
austin was the website of the first mass shooting in the country
austin was the site of the first mass country in the shooting
austin was the site of the first mass shooting in the country 
Says President Obama has fired more cruise missiles than all other Peace Prize winners combined.
The Legislature needs to spend $500 million to shore up the pension fund this year and the next 28 years to keep it afloat.
More than one-quarter of Americas young adults are too fat to serve in the U.S. military
Van Jones is an avowed, self-avowed radical revolutionary communist.
New Castle Countys unemployment rate has not almost doubled in the last two years.
Says he balanced the budget without raising taxes.
(Sen. Robert) Gordon cost us money, exempting the Newark sports arena from paying property taxes and sticking us with the bill.
The passage of the teacher tenure bill in the Fla. Legislature was like the health care bill in Congress because one party jammed it through.
"(McCain) said he was opposed to overturning Roe v. Wade. Now he's for overturning Roe v. Wade."
says bruce braley threatened to sue a neighbor came chickens that over onto his property
says bruce braley threatened to sue a neighbor over chickens that arrive onto his property
says bruce braley threatened to sue a neighbor over chickens that came onto his property 
says belts gov scott that in his budget repair bill is showing walker no stone goes unturned as he asks everyone to tighten their wisconsin
says badger state gov scott walker in his budget reparation bill is showing that no stone goes unturned as he asks everyone to tighten their belts
says wisconsin gov scott walker in his budget repair bill is showing that no stone goes unturned as he asks everyone to tighten their belts 
Income inequality is worse in towns run by Democrat mayors than in towns run by Republican mayors.
For more than 80 years, there has not been a nomination and confirmation of a Supreme Court Justice in a presidential election year. This is simply not the time to break with decades of bipartisan practice.
"McCain used to buck his party on immigration by fighting for comprehensive reform. . . . But when he was running for his party's nomination, he . . . said that he wouldn't even support his own legislation if it came up for a vote."
President Obama and Democrats spending addiction has driven our national debt to historic proportions, maxed out our national credit card and has now led to the Democrat Downgrade of our countrys AAA credit rating.
Republicans Chuck Grassley, John Boehner and John Mica flip-flopped on providing end-of-life counseling for the elderly.
The FBI is involved in an investigation about people in the Rio Grande Valley who are using cocaine to buy votes.
Says Marco Rubio wrote and passed bipartisan legislation allowing the VA to fire negligent workers.
Says Romney and Bain Capital drove KB Toys into bankruptcy by loading it up with debt.
The best evidence is that you lose -- if you use marijuana as a teenager regularly -- eight IQ points.
In Florida, the number of voters who now register as other has grown by a million in the last 10 years. Compare that with the Democrats, who only grew by 300,000 and the Republicans who grew by just 200,000.
We havent passed a budget in more than three years and not a single appropriations bill has been brought to the floor this year.
Were practically not allowed to use coal any more. What do we do with our coal? We ship it to China and they spew it in the air.
Deepwaters own testimony . . . is they said theyll create six jobs.
Says Mark Zandi, who wrote a report criticizing Donald Trumps economic proposals, is one of Sen. John McCains former economic advisers.
there is a percent increment in violent crime in the state of ca and thats just within the last year
there is a percent increase in violent crime in within state of california and thats just last the the year
there is a percent increase in violent crime in the state of california and thats just within the last year 
marco rubio says solo ingles english language only
marco rubio only solo ingles english says
marco rubio says solo ingles english only 
Goldman Sachs was Barack Obama's "No. 1 private contributor."
say this biennium hard drink sales account for nearly billion in the state budget
say this nearly liquor sales account for biennium billion in the state budget
say this biennium liquor sales account for nearly billion in the state budget 
Says he balanced the Milwaukee County budget without raising taxes five years in a row.
A clear majority of Americans support removing the cost-sharing requirement for prescription contraceptive coverage.
Oregon, once again, remains among the top five hungriest states in the nation.
Says he voted for even stronger protections (in the Violence Against Women Act)than Obamas agenda will allow.
The cost of college education has gone up 1,200 percent since 1978.
early census returns are showing their conservatives have been measurably less likely than liberals to return that census forms
early census returns are showing that conservatives have been measurably less likely than liberals to come back their census forms
early census returns are showing that conservatives have been measurably less likely than liberals to return their census forms 
the church barack obama belongs to only admits inkiness people
the church barack obama only to belongs admits black people
the church barack obama belongs to only admits black people 
Ben Bernanke has been the most inflationary chairman in the history of the Federal Reserve.
The Milwaukee County Board approved a reform package by a 15-3 vote, meaning Board Supervisors salaries will be cut by 20 percent and the Boards budget will be cut by 50 percent.
"Bill Young uses his campaign money for, among other things, a luxury car."
We have lower family incomes in Illinois today than we had 17 years ago in Illinois ...because of the control of (House) Speaker (Michael) Madigan and his Democrats.
Before taking executive action on immigration, President Obama stated 22 times that he does not have the authority to change immigration laws on his own.
Says excise taxes are...disproportionately burdening middle- and lower-income consumers.
after actions by gov winfield scott walker and republicans wisconsin is dead broke
after actions by gov broke walker and republicans wisconsin is dead scott
after actions by gov scott walker and republicans wisconsin is dead broke 
Georgia still has one of the richest programs in terms of scholarships for students to go to college.
In order to pass the CRCT in Georgia, you simply have to get half of the answers correct.
Obamacare medical device tax has led to the loss of thousands of jobs in U.S.
Human error, such as skipping a community in the Wisconsin Supreme Court race, is common in (the vote-tabulation) process.
At Twin River, were more than competitive with nearby casinos in slot machine payouts.
Understand, this is unemployment insurance. Its not welfare, as a lot of my Republican colleagues like to suggest it is. You pay into it when youre working. You get help when youre not.
The substitute budget now adds in tax breaks and tax deductions for those who buy these prisons.
In reality, gas produced by fracking is worse for the climate than coal.
"The Children's Defense Fund rated McCain as the worst senator in Congress for children."
Say in November 2010, voters overwhelmingly supported the idea of creating a (library) district.
Donald Trump has described Hillary Clinton as one of the best secretaries of state in history.
a scheduled speech by president barack obama will be the first time an american president spoken has directly to the nations school children in persisting and succeeding about school
a scheduled speech by president barack obama will be the first time an american president has spoken directly to the nation school minor about persisting and succeeding in school
a scheduled speech by president barack obama will be the first time an american president has spoken directly to the nations school children about persisting and succeeding in school 
Says under President Barack Obama, the United States has created five million jobs.
With this reform, every insured American gets valuable consumer protections, and every uninsured American can become insured.
Under President Barack Obamas jobs bill, you can sue if you are unemployed and dont get the job and think you werent hired because you are unemployed.
National debt plus unfunded liabilities adds up to $520,000 per American household.
Says three Ukrainians recently captured on a West Texas ranch are among individuals from countries that have strong terrorist ties being apprehended near the states border with Mexico.
Rev. Wright said "that al-Qaida and the American flag were the same flags."
The average 401(k) in America of a person whos 60 years old is under $100,000.
Says Mitt Romney wants to end tax credits for wind producers.
November 2012 was a record year of turnout. More people voted before Election Day using absentee ballots and voting early than ever before in our history.
If you are born poor in America, we rank ninth or tenth in our citizens ability to climb up through that ladder and get themselves into the middle class.
By the time Obama took office, The Bush administration had given the car companies $13 billion and the money was now gone.
Says by reducing chronic health care costs in the State of Georgia, we can reduce the $32.8 billion lost each year due to lack of productivity and economic costs.
Obamacare will mean 2.1 million fewer jobs by 2021.
President Obama has declared disasters in 48 of 50 states this year.
Each vegan spares more than 100 animals every year.
I have given $30,000 of my unused travel expenses over the years to supplement the school systems general budget.
the deal to raise the nations debt ceiling will directly radio link a debt ceiling increase to outlay cuts for the first time ever
the will to raise the nations debt ceiling deal directly link a debt ceiling time to spending cuts for the first increase ever
the deal to raise the nations debt ceiling will directly link a debt ceiling increase to spending cuts for the first time ever 
Sixteen thousand new Internal Revenue Service agents will be empowered to enforce the new health care legislation.
The Chinese government provides their people no access to the Internet.
Sen. Clinton said "the surge of troops in Iraq was 'working.' Now.... Sen. Clinton says the surge 'has failed' and that we should 'begin the immediate withdrawal of U.S. troops.'"
Says that except for foreign policy, Ron Pauls voting record and his voting record are virtually identical.
The African-American community lost half of their wealth as a result of the Wall Street collapse.
What concerns me is there is only two sentences that have been written about minority business.
Says the Congressional Budget Office estimates a cap-and-trade program would cost the average family the equivalent of a postage stamp a day.
If the Republicans were the majority, (Rep. Barton) would have actually the gavel and the chairmanship.
campaign on contributions from electric utilities
on military campaign contributions from electric utilities
on campaign contributions from electric utilities 
"Our children's safety is potentially at risk because nearly half of the apple juice consumed by our children comes from apples grown in China."
By the way, Im not raising tolls 50 percent....Jon Corzine did.
If public employees dont pay more for benefits starting April 1, 2011, the equivalent is 1,500 state employee layoffs by June 30, 2011 and 10,000 to 12,000 state and local government employee layoffs in the next two years.
Over the past three years, deep poverty has reached its highest level on record.
tax bernie sanders is going to says you people at percent
says bernie sanders is going to tax you mass at percent
says bernie sanders is going to tax you people at percent 
Pam Bonditold a group of lobbyists shell side with corporate special interests as attorney general.
Says Romney wants to add $2 trillion to the defense budget that the military hasnt asked for.
u s rep phil gingrey wants public schools teach to women to stay in their place
u s rep phil gingrey wants public schools to teach women to stay in their stead
u s rep phil gingrey wants public schools to teach women to stay in their place 
As the election tracker FiveThirtyEight has reported, whoever wins Pennsylvania will be our next President.
says u s house opponent michael sir bernard williams does not live in and has never vote in the congressional district hes seeking to represent
says live s house opponent michael williams does not u in and has never voted to the congressional district hes seeking in represent
says u s house opponent michael williams does not live in and has never voted in the congressional district hes seeking to represent 
no one in american history has moved from a trumps announcement to a may winning a of majority june achievement is remarkable
no unrivalled in american history has moved from a june announcement to a may winning of a legal age trumps achievement is remarkable
no one in american history has moved from a june announcement to a may winning of a majority trumps achievement is remarkable 
The Interior Department is in charge of salmon while theyre in fresh water, but the Commerce Department handles them when theyre in saltwater.
The U.S.tax rate on successful small businesses is 44.6 percent, while the business tax rate in Canada is 15 percent.
Ann McLane Kuster is for a government takeover of health care more radical than Obamacare. And she supports a $700 billion cut to Medicare for current retirees.
Last year we spent more than $40 billion on highways. And Lord knows we need that. But thats more than we spent on Amtrak in its entire 40-year history.
You cannot get (Ebola) from just riding on a plane or bus.
Said the Washington Post argued that a failure to pass the START treaty this year would be no calamity, and that the Associated Press saidthe administration concedes the security risk is not immediate.
We currently have one guy who is in charge of painting the entire Milwaukee County parks system.
Deer baiting, planned for Block Island by DEM, is illegal in Rhode Island.
Liberty University students were mandated to attend Sen. Ted Cruzs presidential announcement or they would be fined.
Hundreds of thousands of (illegal immigrants are) going to state and federal penitentiaries.
slim jims just recently cost now but cents cost
lose weight jims just recently cost cents but now cost
slim jims just recently cost cents but now cost 
president barack obama kerry secretary of state john and of to lift irans economic and arms sanctions without any proof agreed change in conduct
president barack obama and escritoire of state john kerry agreed to hoist irans economic and arms sanctions without any proof of change in conduct
president barack obama and secretary of state john kerry agreed to lift irans economic and arms sanctions without any proof of change in conduct 
"President Barack Obama has deported more people in his first year in office than George W. Bush in his last year in office."
Weve seen our deficits cut by two-thirds.
The city of Houston now has more debt per capita than California.
Says Patrick Murphy is one of only three Democrats in the House today who voted to create the Benghazi committee.
Says Patrick Murphy embellished, according to reports, his University of Miami academic achievement.
"Every billion dollars we spend on highway construction results in 47,500 jobs. But the fact is the average American is sitting in traffic 38 hours a year."
Says Jeanne Shaheen got behind the idea of using the IRS to target American citizens for their political views.
On average, Americans spend less than 10 percent of their disposable income on food. Compare that to folks in Mexico, who spend 22 percent, China, 28 percent and Russia, 37 percent.
We lock up close to 2.4 million people in this country. Were locking up more people than China and Russia.
You can fill out your tax return in Estonia online in five minutes.
In 2010 about 75 percent of child abuse and neglect reports in Oregon were made by those required to report by law.
Since Oregons prescription-only law took effect, meth lab incidents have dropped by 96 percent and meth-related arrests by 32 percent.
taxpayer even voted for her own personal stimulus package a oshaughnessy funded pay raise for herself
oshaughnessy even voted for her own personal stimulus package a taxpayer fund pay raise for herself
oshaughnessy even voted for her own personal stimulus package a taxpayer funded pay raise for herself 
when capital liberals wanted to take away our guns chet said no
to washington liberals wanted when take away our guns chet said no
when washington liberals wanted to take away our guns chet said no 
because of obamacare over the last ii years wellness care premiums have gone up its true but theyve gone up slower than any time in the last years
because of obamacare over health last two years the care premiums have gone up its true but theyve gone up slower last any time in the than years
because of obamacare over the last two years health care premiums have gone up its true but theyve gone up slower than any time in the last years 
Says Marco Rubio endorsed Obamacare for his own family.
Then, the Republican leader theatrically introduced new bills with stopgap budget language, declaring that we could stay until midnight and pass this compromise. Except under our constitution, a bill has to be read on 3 different days, so thats not possible.
"There are many health insurance plans that will cover Viagra but won't cover birth-control medication."
says cognizance cuccinelli attacked churches for helping the poor
says ken cuccinelli attacked churches helping for the poor
says ken cuccinelli attacked churches for helping the poor 
We have created new jobs here in Cranston -- more than 1,000.
read michele bachmann said the chinese built a great wall years ago you dont date any illegal mexicans in china
says michele bachmann said the chinese built a in dont years ago you wall see any illegal mexicans great china
says michele bachmann said the chinese built a great wall years ago you dont see any illegal mexicans in china 
Rhode Islands state pension system underperformed the median three out of the four years that Mr. [Frank] Caprio was in office.
aver hillary clinton was let off the hook for her email scandal while gen st david petraeus had his life destroyed for doing far far less
says hillary let was clinton off the hook for her email scandal while gen far petraeus had his life destroyed for doing far david less
says hillary clinton was let off the hook for her email scandal while gen david petraeus had his life destroyed for doing far far less 
The Obama administration is "cutting back on defense"
transporting drugs is the price of admission for people crosswalk the border illegally
transporting people is the price of admission for drugs crossing the border illegally
transporting drugs is the price of admission for people crossing the border illegally 
Charlie Crist stopped layoffs of some 20,000 school teachers during the global economic meltdown.
Says Hillary Clinton supported and continues to support fracking.
a filibuster has never really been successfully used supreme a against court justice
a filibuster has never in truth been successfully used against a supreme court justice
a filibuster has never really been successfully used against a supreme court justice 
North Carolinas coast is possibly the best place in (the) U.S. for an offshore windfarm.
Says Russ Feingold supported a stimulus plan that allowed a company to create 3,000 jobs in China.
scientists are questioning the master idea that man made global warming is what is causing the climate to change it is more and more being cast into question
scientists are questioning the original warming that man made global idea is what more causing the climate to change it is is and more being put into question
scientists are questioning the original idea that man made global warming is what is causing the climate to change it is more and more being put into question 
Says Paul Ryans budget would turn Medicare into a voucher.
Says he has "the most impressive education record" of the Republican candidates.
obamacare to going is increase the divorce rate
obamacare is going to increase the divorce value
obamacare is going to increase the divorce rate 
Many states without collective bargaining, such as Arizona, Nevada and North Carolina, have far larger budget deficits than many that do, including Ohio.
Senator Menendez said he would spend our money wisely. But our annual national deficit climbed from $250 billion a year to $1.6 trillion on his watch.
Says Madison Mayor Paul Soglins stated intent when proposing that city contractors disclose private political donations was to discourage contributions to organizations with which he disagrees.
A Republican bill that would change John Doe criminal investigations is creating exceptions in the law for politicians.
Says we allow more people into America legally than all other countries on the planet combined.
By the end of 2015, more than 1,300 people will have died on Georgia roads. One of out evey four fatalities resulted from drunken driving.
Providence is one of the busiest fire departments for its relative size in the country.
"We now have a pro-American president in France, which shows if you live long enough, anything can happen in this world."
Says Chris Christie instituted an Internet sales tax.
no fed official at any level is currently allowed to say merry christmas
at federal official no any level is currently allowed to say merry christmas
no federal official at any level is currently allowed to say merry christmas 
obama during to not allegiance put his hand on his heart refused the pledge of only but refused to say the pledge
obama refused to not only order his hand on his heart during the pledge of loyalty but refused to say the pledge
obama refused to not only put his hand on his heart during the pledge of allegiance but refused to say the pledge 
I started the whole year as a senior on the University of Illinois football team and led the team in interceptions and tackles from defensive back.
People committed involuntarily for 72 hours under the Baker Act will get their guns back automatically and immediately upon discharge....and their commitment is never entered into a background check database.
Says he never called teachers thugs and has said nothing but great things about them during the fight over his curbs on unions
Nevada Republican Senate nominee Joe Heck voted to criminalize abortion for rape victims.
in wisconsin percent of qualify small businesses will all under income tax relief for my plan freeing them to expand and create jobs
in wisconsin percent of all small businesses will characterize for income tax relief under my project freeing them to expand and create jobs
in wisconsin percent of all small businesses will qualify for income tax relief under my plan freeing them to expand and create jobs 
The Democratic Party is getting smaller and smaller and smaller.
Says Hillary Clintons been very clear where she stands on trade.
says to sir edmund hillary clinton you heard what i said about the trans pacific ocean partnership trade deal and all of a sudden you were against it
says to hillary clinton you heard what you said about the trans pacific it trade deal and all of a sudden i were against partnership
says to hillary clinton you heard what i said about the trans pacific partnership trade deal and all of a sudden you were against it 
on the status of illegal immigrant
status the on of illegal immigrants
on the status of illegal immigrants
A new presidential helicopter is now going to cost as much as Air Force One.
Utah was the No. 1 job creator in this country during my years of service as governor, with a 5.9 percent increase in jobs.
An amendment, pushed by Lyndon Johnson many years ago, threatens religious institutions with a loss of their tax-exempt status if they openly advocate their political views.
In 1993 the Republicans embraced a health platform that proudly features an individual mandate as its main component.
jack kingston had more earmarks at one time than every member of the georgia delegation put unitedly
jack kingston had more earmarks at every time than one member of the georgia delegation put together
jack kingston had more earmarks at one time than every member of the georgia delegation put together 
You see 34 people (are) murdered every single day by gunfire in America.
one of blanket including troubling aspects of the rubio schumer gang of mandating bill was that it gave president obama the authority to admit refugees most syrian refugees without eight any background checks whatsoever
one of the most troubling aspects of the rubio schumer gang of eight bill was that it gave president obama blanket potency to admit refugee including syrian refugee without mandating any backdrop checks whatsoever
one of the most troubling aspects of the rubio schumer gang of eight bill was that it gave president obama blanket authority to admit refugees including syrian refugees without mandating any background checks whatsoever 
I stopped requesting earmarks in 2008.
Says he supported the 1994 crime bill because there is a ban on assault weapons in that bill.
Says Donald Trump bans disabled veterans from his high rise.
Youre more likely to get struck by lightning in Texas thanfind in-person voter fraud.
Once again, a police officer has been killed with an illegal gun from Georgia a state that last year did the NRAs bidding and weakened its already lax gun laws.
Georgia has one of the nations highest jet fuel taxes.
on whether the federal government should set a minimum salary
should whether the federal government on set a minimum wage
on whether the federal government should set a minimum wage
In 2015 roughly 10,000 political arrests occurred in Cuba. That is five times as many as occurred in 2010, when there were only about 2,000.
Obama's proposed budget doubles the debt in five years, triples it in 10 years.
Of the states that have a lieutenant governor, many are currently discussing the need for such an obsolete office.
Since 2010, eight children in Georgia have died due to vehicular heatstroke.
Every day, 34 Americans are murdered with guns.
Says Bill Nelson sold agricultural land for home development, pocketing at least $1.4 million.
Says John Kerry is the first secretary of state to rely primarily on a government account.
U.S. troops are getting only 4 hours of Ebola training before deployment to Liberia.
says eight americans died in a stab attack at a minnesota mall
says eight americans knife in a died attack at a minnesota mall
says eight americans died in a knife attack at a minnesota mall 
Says Paul Ryan wants to cut Pell Grant scholarships for nearly 10 million students.
says he the engaged in has political process only in the past decade
says he has engaged in the political process only in the past decennium
says he has engaged in the political process only in the past decade 
One thing that is much more unpopular than the Affordable Care Act is repealing the Affordable Care Act.
says carpet bombing means bombing embedded a city but the location not the troops with of special forces to direct the air power
says rug bombing means bombing not a city but the location of the troops with embedded special forces to direct the atmosphere power
says carpet bombing means bombing not a city but the location of the troops with embedded special forces to direct the air power 
The Brady Campaign has given me a 100 percent, not 99, 100 percent rating.
If the sequester hits, hundreds of thousands of Americans will lose access to primary care and preventive care like flu vaccinations and cancer screenings.
A little-known unit of the Department of Justice, the Community Relations Service, was deployed to Sanford, FL, following the Trayvon Martin shooting to help organize and manage rallies and protests against George Zimmerman.
The CIA paid two psychologists $81 million to develop and run their torture program.
[N]early one in three primary care doctors are forced to limit the number of Medicare patients they see.
Says Marco Rubios proposed college affordability overhaul would specifically benefit for-profit colleges.
On Obama, "The press warns the 'Taxman Cometh.'"
Human trafficking is the third-biggest criminal enterprise in the world.
On the Arizona immigration law.
On offshore drilling.
Every single strawberry that is served to Members of Congress will have passed through the rough hands of an undocumented immigrant.
Too many tattoos on visible body parts keepsome applicants out of the military.
A proposed bill in the Florida Legislature would authorize the public hoarding of cats by feral cat activists.
you lie in response to president obama enjoin health reform would not insure illegal immigrants
you lie in response saying president obama to health reform would not insure illegal immigrants
you lie in response to president obama saying health reform would not insure illegal immigrants 
pope francis uses a modest compact car to car around while creflo dollar drives an expensive sports get
pope francis uses a modest compact car to cause around while creflo dollar drives an expensive sports car
pope francis uses a modest compact car to get around while creflo dollar drives an expensive sports car 
Tax increases could come into play as a result of the debt ceiling deal.
My judicial nominees have waited three times longer to receive confirmation votes than those of my Republican predecessor.
Says President Barack Obama said that if he doesnt turn the economy around after three years in office, hell be a one-term president.
President Barack Obama has weakened the respect for America abroad.
"The fact is it's not amnesty."
"The average American family" saw income rise $7,500 under Bill Clinton and decline $2,000 under George Bush.
able was i to go and buy an buy weapon most people can go out and automatic an automatic weapon
i was able to become and buy an automatic weapon most citizenry can become out and buy an automatic weapon
i was able to go and buy an automatic weapon most people can go out and buy an automatic weapon 
After my first year as governor, I was one of the most unpopular governors, maybe the most unpopular governor in the country. ... It changed.
When Mitt Romney was governor, Massachusetts ranked 47th out of 50 states in job creation.
People (are) paying more in taxes than they will for food, housing and clothing combined.
the democrats plan to raise your task rates to or percent
the democrats plan raise to your tax rates to or percent
the democrats plan to raise your tax rates to or percent 
A lot of the move to free the slaves ... did not come from the federal government. It came from a growing movement among the people, particularly people of faith.
says many public employee unions falsely incomes their wisconsin members his budget repair bill of percent to percent sought their told for health insurance premiums
says many public employee unions falsely told their wi members his budget repair bill sought per centum to per centum of their incomes for health insurance premiums
says many public employee unions falsely told their wisconsin members his budget repair bill sought percent to percent of their incomes for health insurance premiums 
$3 billion over the next five years will be taken out of our public schools and be put into vouchers.
says hillary clintons agenda energy will cost the u s economy over trillion
says hillary clintons energy agenda will cost the u s economy over 
says hillary clintons energy agenda will cost the u s economy over trillion
Republican state lawmakers are refusing to give the people of their own states their own tax dollars back in the form of (expanded) Medicaid.
citycouncilpasseda the d c says lawbanninglethalrat trapping
says the d century citycouncilpasseda lawbanninglethalrat trapping
says the d c citycouncilpasseda lawbanninglethalrat trapping 
Roy Cooper wont say how he will pay for free college tuition.
Says Fran DeWines made-from-scratch dinner rolls are a delicious favorite in a traditional Thanksgiving dinner.
California has more kids in poverty ... than virtually any other state.
The Obama-GOP compromise raises taxes, it raises the death tax.
Husbands rarely beat up their wives. Single women get beaten up more.
Says Jeb Bush once held $1 million in family planning grants hostage until the programs receiving the money agreed not to discuss birth control at all.
The R.I. Turnpike and Bridge Authority was supposed to exist only until the bonds used to build the Newport Bridge were paid off through tolls. Once the bonds were paid, the Newport Bridge was to be transferred to the State of Rhode Island and become toll-free.
over the last two years since president obama has taken office the federal soldier government has added new federal soldier jobs
over the the two years since president obama has taken office last federal government has added new federal jobs
over the last two years since president obama has taken office the federal government has added new federal jobs 
on unemployment rates we have counties in southwest virginia that some well into that digits and are double are pushing percent
on unemployment rates we have counties in southwest virginia that are wellspring into double digits and some that are labour percent
on unemployment rates we have counties in southwest virginia that are well into double digits and some that are pushing percent 
Says Hillary Clinton took money from kings of Saudi Arabia and Morocco and Oman and Yemen.
says that president obama suppose that small businesses succeed because of government
said that president obama says that small businesses succeed because of government
says that president obama said that small businesses succeed because of government 
"The Republican governor who stood up and cut spending instead of raising taxes."
Because of the Trans-Pacific Partnership weve got a country like Malaysia taking really serious efforts to crack down on human trafficking.
Kohls Department Stores in 2012 announced the creation of 3,000 new jobs.
Says Ron Johnson supported a plan to cut benefits and raise the retirement age for Social Security.
"Mitt Romney says the next president doesn't need foreign policy experience."
The GOP health care plan "would allow health insurance companies to continue engaging in unfair and discriminatory practices like denying coverage to people because of a pre-existing medical condition."
Says we brought crime rate down by 30 percent when he was mayor of Dallas.
Says Floridas pension plan faces the same long-term funding problems as Social Security.
in k education our kids are scoring at the bottom of science and maths ripe now in the industrialized world at the bottom
in k education our kids are scoring and the bottom of in at mathematics right now science the industrialized world at the bottom
in k education our kids are scoring at the bottom of science and mathematics right now in the industrialized world at the bottom 
Says New Jerseys $1 billion horse racing industry employs 13,000 individuals and ensures the preservation of 176,000 acres of horse farmland.
royalties foroil and other energy sources are the second largest revenue source to the federal regime after the irs
royalties foroil the other energy sources are the second largest revenue source to and federal government after the irs
royalties foroil and other energy sources are the second largest revenue source to the federal government after the irs 
The No. 2 owner of Fox News is Prince Alwaleed bin Talal, who said, A strong American Government is not good for us.
Says the Congressional Budget Office said unemployment could top 9 percent in 2013
"When NAFTA was passed, there was an acceleration of immigration from Mexico because people were in search of jobs."
Sen. Sanders did vote five times against the Brady bill.
Under President George W. Bush, the U.S. spent $1.3 trillion on tax cuts for the wealthy and trillions each on a war and on Medicare drug benefits.
says bernie sander once said instead of removing the conditions that make people depressed modern society gives them antidepressant drug drugs
says said sanders once bernie instead of that the conditions removing make people depressed modern society gives them antidepressant drugs
says bernie sanders once said instead of removing the conditions that make people depressed modern society gives them antidepressant drugs 
I have never supported cap and trade.
The non-partisan Congressional Budget Office concluded ObamaCare will cost the U.S. more than 800,000 jobs.
There are prototype cars that get between 100 and 150 miles per gallon and "we could have those cars in your garages in a couple of years."
30,000 Arizonans may have no choice on Affordable Care Act coverage.
There are corporations in this nation, some of the biggest corporations in this nation, who do not pay taxes.
The United States has a supply of "more than 100 years of natural gas."
Says Virginia House Republicans are sacrificing $5 million a day in U.S. funds by refusing to expand Medicaid.
i congressional the fourth poorest represent district in the nation
i represent the fourth poorest congressional district in the commonwealth
i represent the fourth poorest congressional district in the nation 
The federal health care law tells the American people precisely what type of coverage they have to have.
Ohios lost more jobs in March than any other state in the nation.
says patrick murphy wrongly conveyed rubios stance on abortion for zika infected by women
says patrick murphy wrong conveyed rubios stance on abortion for women infected by zika
says patrick murphy wrongly conveyed rubios stance on abortion for women infected by zika 
Income inequality seems to be worst in cities run by Democrats.
a the drop in recent unemployment rate is questionable because it was the over two days of calculated thanksgiving week
a recent drop in the unemployment rate is questionable because it was cipher over two days of the thanksgiving day week
a recent drop in the unemployment rate is questionable because it was calculated over two days of the thanksgiving week 
The states that have raised the minimum wage (this year) have had faster job growth than the states that havent raised the minimum wage.
In his first TV interview as president, Obama said we should talk to Iran.
i have neer voted for a tax increase
i have a voted for never tax increase
i have never voted for a tax increase 
Says U.S. Reps. Phil Gingrey and Jack Kingston have even changed votes to what I voted, multiple times.
Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama want to raise taxes on dividends, a move that would crash the stock market.
environmentalists said were only feet to stop coal mining above feet coal guess where all the well in the state of tennessee is above going
environmentalist said were only going to stop coal mining above feet well guess where all the coal in the department of state of tennessee is above feet
environmentalists said were only going to stop coal mining above feet well guess where all the coal in the state of tennessee is above feet 
Proof of citizenship isnt necessary before you register to vote in Florida.
Says Florida is one of a few or perhaps the only state that has a statewide review of local land use and zoning decisions.
says that with president obamas re election state and federal income assess rates for some taxpayer will rise to roughly percent
says that with president roughly re election state and federal income tax rates for will taxpayers some rise to obamas percent
says that with president obamas re election state and federal income tax rates for some taxpayers will rise to roughly percent 
"My husband has not withheld a single document."
why was there no news coverage of this raid on the arizona border seizure was just five days ago the on right arizona border
why was there no news reporting of this bust on the arizona border seizure was just five days ago right on the arizona border
why was there no news coverage of this raid on the arizona border seizure was just five days ago right on the arizona border 
Say Portland Public Schools central administration makes up less than 4 percent of the staff.
says paw romney has changed his position on supporting the tarp program
tarp mitt romney has changed his position on supporting the says program
says mitt romney has changed his position on supporting the tarp program 
If President Barack Obama strikes a nuclear deal with Iran, the next president could revoke such an executive agreement with the stroke of a pen and future Congresses could modify the terms of the agreement at any time.
the st norbert college wisconsin public radio poll has been wrong in election every almost
the st norbert college wisconsin populace radio poll has been wrong in almost every election
the st norbert college wisconsin public radio poll has been wrong in almost every election 
President Obama has no plan to reduce the deficit, let alone pay down the debt.
Says electric utilities are trying to fool you into amending your state Constitution in a way that gives them the authority to shut down net metering.
wisconsins government accountability board wanted to consider mickey mouse and adolf hitler as valid key signature on recall petitions
wisconsins government accountability board recall to consider mickey mouse and adolf hitler as valid signatures on wanted petitions
wisconsins government accountability board wanted to consider mickey mouse and adolf hitler as valid signatures on recall petitions 
Theres just one piece of legislation that is now law with Sen. Ted Cruzsname on it.
An effort to repeal voting-reform legislation would be the first time in Ohio history where a bill has been passed to stop a referendum.
they clinton and obama have never to my knowledge been involved climate legislation nor hearings nor this on engagement issue in change
they hilary clinton and obama have never to my knowledge been involved in statute law nor hearings nor engagement on this issue climate change
they clinton and obama have never to my knowledge been involved in legislation nor hearings nor engagement on this issue climate change 
FACT: Repealing Obamacare would be easier than repealing Prohibition.
The majority of Americans now doubt that our children will have a better future.
McCain "said no to higher fuel-efficiency standards for cars."
The Constitution doesnt allow the governor to not-spend appropriations funds.
One third of all federal prisoners today are illegal immigrants.
Says under the Senate immigration bill, newly legalized immigrants will pay every tax possible, but you dont get a single benefit for 10 years.
Each Georgia taxpayer would have to send $5,000 to the treasury to cover the states debt.
Says Mitt Romney wrote that if Social Security was done in the private sector, it would be called criminal.
A record number of Hispanics were elected to the U.S House of Representatives...
Theyve seen employer-supported coverage increase in Massachusetts after this law (Romneycare) was implemented.
Says its not true that Florida black bears are an apex predator.
a state bill would remnant a longstanding requirement that local governments repair highways and sidewalks and block injured citizen from suing over neglected maintenance
would state bill a end a longstanding requirement that local governments repair highways and sidewalks and block injured citizens from neglected over suing maintenance
a state bill would end a longstanding requirement that local governments repair highways and sidewalks and block injured citizens from suing over neglected maintenance 
Miller Brewing is not a U.S. company any more. Neither is Anheuser-Busch.
Says as secretary of state she was reserving judgment about the Trans-Pacific Partnership and hoped it would be the gold standard.
an iowa policy provides for a state round up of iowa citizens who might be exposed to the swine flu virus
an iowa policy provides for a state cycle up of iowa citizens who might be exposed to the swine flu computer virus
an iowa policy provides for a state round up of iowa citizens who might be exposed to the swine flu virus 
Says U.S. Sen. Bill Nelson voted with the Democrats in Congress nearly 95 percent of the time.
Says proposed teacher contract would layer on more restrictive rules.
Weve got 40 years of study now that show that, with a good preschool start, youre less likely to be on public dole, youre less likely to be in prison.
Richard Hayne, president and CEO of Urban Outfitters (is) a supporter of Rick Santorum and donated over $13,000 to him.
Congress as a whole is less popular than its been since polling was invented.
Says Donald Trump says he has foreign policy experience because he ran the Miss Universe pageant in Russia.
Says Scott Walker gave $6 million in tax breaks to a corporation and told them that they can keep that money even if they lay off half their workforce.
Halliburton defrauded American taxpayers of hundreds of millions of dollars in Iraq.
abortionist have reduced our black population by more than percent since
abortionists have since our black population by more than percent reduced
abortionists have reduced our black population by more than percent since 
Weve had 11,000 attempts to amend the Constitution since 1789.
wisconsin russ feingold announced his democrat senate run today fromcalifornia
democrat russ feingold announced his wisconsin united states senate run today fromcalifornia
democrat russ feingold announced his wisconsin senate run today fromcalifornia 
Inspections of abortion centers around Virginia have found multiple violations of parental consent laws but Gov. Terry McAuliffe and his administration have done nothing.
says gubernatorial recall candidate gobbler barrett supported passage of gov scott walkers bill stripping collective bargaining of state employees
recall gubernatorial says candidate tom barrett supported passage of gov scott walkers bill stripping collective bargaining of state employees
says gubernatorial recall candidate tom barrett supported passage of gov scott walkers bill stripping collective bargaining of state employees 
Says some in Congress are trying to create a separate government for those with a drop of Native Hawaiian blood.
Says he opposed the presidents decision to go into Iraq in 2003.
The Federal Reserve system has presided over about a 95... percent decline in the U.S. dollar.
Numbers on illegal immigrants "are down in terms of apprehensions, which indicates fewer illegal crossings, but also up in terms of actual enforcement actions."
says gov scott walker year done a public event this entire hasnt
says gov scott walker hasnt done a populace event this entire year
says gov scott walker hasnt done a public event this entire year 
Obama "wants a windfall profits tax on oil to go along with the new taxes he also plans for coal and natural gas."
If you will go look up the definition of act of God, weve used it in legal terms for a long time in this state.
Monarch butterflies are becoming extinct because of increased use of crops genetically modified to withstand pesticides.
president obama gave egypts muslim brotherhood one and half a billion dollars
president obama gave egypts islamic brotherhood one and a half billion dollars
president obama gave egypts muslim brotherhood one and a half billion dollars 
says donald trump promised to take care of everybody through government run health care and the governments going to bear for it
says donald trump promised governments take care of everybody and government run healthcare through the to going to pay for it
says donald trump promised to take care of everybody through government run healthcare and the governments going to pay for it 
says professional football coach rex ryan won championships in new york the afc i retrieve twice
think professional football coach rex ryan won championships in new york the afc i says twice
says professional football coach rex ryan won championships in new york the afc i think twice 
Says Hillary Clinton wants sanctuary cities.
"Health reform eliminates co-pays, deductibles, and other costs for preventative care and provides for free annual wellness checkups starting next year."
Says according to the FBI, more people are killed each year with hammers and clubs than rifles.
Says Rick Scott cut education by $1.3 billion in his first year, then in his second year he decreases funding by $300 million to our state universities.
Trade deals are negotiated in secret and, unlike corporate interests,politicians never invite the leaders of the AFL-CIO or steelworkers or the mine workers to come in and sit down in these meetings.
Regarding the USA Freedom Act, There is nothing we are allowed to do under this bill that we could not do before.
our jurisprudence enforcement agencies have found personify in the desert either buried or just lying out there that have been beheaded
our law enforcement agencies desert found bodies in the beheaded either buried or just lying out there that have been have
our law enforcement agencies have found bodies in the desert either buried or just lying out there that have been beheaded 
Says he took down the mob in Northeast Ohio
the state of new house of york is the worst in the nation in economic recovery
the state of new york is the worst in economic nation in the recovery
the state of new york is the worst in the nation in economic recovery 
Says he invested over $100 million in worker training.
Says Rep. Bruce Braley, D-Iowa, skipped an important VA reform hearing to attend three fundraisers.
says cia director st george tenet told the bush administration that the sept terrorist attack was coming so they did have boost notice
says cia director george tenet told the attack administration that the sept notice bush was coming so they did have advanced terrorist
says cia director george tenet told the bush administration that the sept terrorist attack was coming so they did have advanced notice 
articulate hillary clinton doesnt believe in your right to keep a gun at home for self defense
says hillary clinton doesnt believe in your right to keep a gun defense home for self at
says hillary clinton doesnt believe in your right to keep a gun at home for self defense 
Says Jennifer Horn, chairwoman of the N.H. Republican Party, owes $92,000 in back taxes.
The median net worth of American households hasnt changed much over the past decades, its about $20,000 ... but Congress average median net worth has ballooned, more than doubled.
scott fisher even to obamacare expand in texas and tried voted for an official resolution to force million texans into obamacare
robert falcon scott fisher tried to expand obamacare in texas and even voted for an official resolution to force jillion texans into obamacare
scott fisher tried to expand obamacare in texas and even voted for an official resolution to force million texans into obamacare 
Saudi Arabia has the third-largest military budget in the entire world.
In April 2009 the Democrats were in control, and the congressional (approval) rating was 40 percent.
Barack Obamas health care bill is nothing new. Mitt Romney signed one just like it four years before.
Says that hes responsible for Austinincluding Anderson Mill Road in the citys proposed transportation bond package.
Says the Department of Defense changed its definitions of al-Qaeda and the Taliban making it so almost anybody can be loosely associated with the groups.
Art Robinson says Social Security should be ended through attrition.
Tide gauges measuring sea level in Rhode Island since 1930 have risen maybe about 10 inches since that time.
Unlike Benghazi, there were no investigations of the 1983 Beirut barracks bombing, none about key aspects of the 9/11 attacks and the Iraq War, and none about embassy attacks under George W. Bush.
$360 million of our tax dollars went straight to ... the Taliban.
he whether on supports dont ask dont tell
on whether he supports dont expect dont tell
on whether he supports dont ask dont tell 
an census bureau worker says told was he to skew information to bring the unemployment rate down as we headed into a election season
a census bureau worker says he was recount to skew info to bring the unemployment rate down as we headed into an election season
a census bureau worker says he was told to skew information to bring the unemployment rate down as we headed into an election season 
Says that in polls about 2016 candidate leadership skills, he comes out two and three and four times higher than anybody else.
The 2012 National Survey on Drug Use and Health found that up to half of daily marijuana smokers become addicted -- an estimated 2.7 million people in the U.S.
When I started in Ohio it was terrible. Now, were getting bipartisan support for our bills. And thats called leadership.
says gov chris christie decision to close the elizabeth mvc saved no money
says gov chris christies saved to close the elizabeth mvc decision no money
says gov chris christies decision to close the elizabeth mvc saved no money 
Sixty percent of New Jersey doctors do not accept Medicaid patients.
As a Congressman, J.D. Hayworth was an avid earmarker who supported such pork as $220,000 to renovate a Maine Blueberry farm and $5.8 million for a Vermont snowmobile trail.
Says cities save an estimated $38 in dental costs for every $1 invested in fluoridation.
"At least Obama didn't marry his cousin," as Giuliani did.
Gov. (Rick) Perry helped balance his budget with about $6 billion worth of federal help, which he happily took, and then started blaming the members of Congress who had offered that help.
President Obama came to Ohio 12 times to try to defeat me and guess what? He didnt win.
On suspending system development charges for two years.
Of all the jobs President Obama claims to have created since he started, only 38.5 percent are women. So 61.5 percent have gone to men.
If you look up the dictionary definition of happiness at the time of our founders happiness was not doing what you want to do but doing what you ought to do.
Amendment 2 on medical marijuana won a higher percentage of the vote than the last six Florida governors, including Jeb Bushs 2002 landslide.
Health care is the greatest contribution to spending increases in the state budget.
The Buffett rule raises virtually no money, maybe a day and a half of our borrowing per year.
Georgias U.S. senators voted for legislation that would gut clean air protections and increase oil dependence.
Romneycare was model for Obamacare.
The Providence Economic Development Partnership . . .which you [Cicilline] chaired, loaned $103,000 in taxpayer funds to one of your campaign workers. The worker never paid back the loan.
no restore who went to an american medical school will be accepting obamacare
no doctors who american to an went medical school will be accepting obamacare
no doctors who went to an american medical school will be accepting obamacare 
the million structural it in the wisconsin budget is not real because surplus is based on the assumption that congress will reinstate the estate tax
the million morphological surplus in the wisconsin budget is not real because it is based on the assumption that congress will reinstate the acres tax
the million structural surplus in the wisconsin budget is not real because it is based on the assumption that congress will reinstate the estate tax 
dan patrick changed his name from danny goeb to shroud from his debts
dan patrick changed goeb name from danny his to hide from his debts
dan patrick changed his name from danny goeb to hide from his debts 
Were paying out-of-state residential facilities hundreds of thousands of dollars, if not more, to house children in state custody
The per-pupil cost in the [Blackstone Valley Prep] Mayoral Academy far outweighs the per-pupil cost in Cumberland public schools.
Before April 22, we have restored the rights of more than 18,000 individuals, which is more than the past seven governors combined in their four-year terms.
the federal hate crimes prevention act bill for create special protection would pedophiles
the federal hate criminal offence prevention act bill would create special protection for pedophiles
the federal hate crimes prevention act bill would create special protection for pedophiles 
says for his court candidate joanne kloppenburg put an year old farmer in jail wisconsin refusing to plant native vegetation on supreme farm
says wisconsin supreme court candidate joanne kloppenburg put an year one time husbandman in jail for refusing to plant native vegetation on his farm
says wisconsin supreme court candidate joanne kloppenburg put an year old farmer in jail for refusing to plant native vegetation on his farm 
In 1935, more than 50% of the elderly population lived in poverty. Today that poverty rate stands officially at 9.4%.
Superdelegates have never been a determining factor in who our nominee is since theyve been in place since 1984.
Says the Republican state convention is actually larger than the Republican National Convention.
In his book, (Ken) Cuccinelli questions whether Medicare and Social Security should exist.
There are 500 million Internet users and 80 million bloggers who are driving discussions in China. So youve got a lot of people voicing frustration and discontent.
My son had to resign his job because of federal regulations that Washington has put on us.
The Senate health care bill "would leave 24 million people without insurance coverage."
more sector receive food aid than work in the private americans
more americans get food aid than work in the private sector
more americans receive food aid than work in the private sector 
Illegal tobacco sales, price driven too high, has been connected to at least several cases of funding terrorism against us in multi-year investigations over the last decade and a half.
Some of our states educational administrators joined the feds in seeking to mandate Arabic classes for Texas children.
order land commissioner jerry patterson threatened to shoot him
says land commissioner jerry him threatened to shoot patterson
says land commissioner jerry patterson threatened to shoot him 
Between 1980 and 2010, water usage in Georgia dropped even as the states population grew.
The General Assembly has no explicit constitutional authority to impose income, sales, estate and the myriad of other taxes upon us.
inside will stimulus package is anti christian from that the stop churches legislation using public for schools meeting on sundays as well as boy scouts and student bible study groups
at bottom the stimulus package is anti christian statute law that will stop churches from employ public schools for meeting on sundays as well as boy scouts and student bible study groups
inside the stimulus package is anti christian legislation that will stop churches from using public schools for meeting on sundays as well as boy scouts and student bible study groups 
A Wisconsin bill to limit use of food stamps for junk food would also prevent -- or limit -- the extent to which food stamps could be used for organic foods.
Were losing thousands of (veterans) waiting on line because they cant get speedy health care from the Veterans Administration.
the newly proposed house republican budget abolishes medicare within yr
the newly proposed republican house budget abolishes medicare within years
the newly proposed house republican budget abolishes medicare within years 
Says George LeMieux falsely attacked Marco Rubio.
There are fewer people crossing (the southwest) border than in the last 30 years.
Health insurance costs for Floridians are up 30 percent or more.
says lamar smith patronize the bill that funded obamacare
says lamar smith sponsored the bill that obamacare funded
says lamar smith sponsored the bill that funded obamacare 
On responding to chemical weapon use in Syria
The LGBT community is more often the victims of hate crimes than any other recognized group.
"Obama has maintained a friendship with a now convicted felon."
Says Mitt Romneys carried interest income was a tax trick.
since stimulus and the obamacare passed the unemployment rate in the u s has increased
since obamacare and the stimulus passed the unemployment pace in the u s has increased
since obamacare and the stimulus passed the unemployment rate in the u s has increased 
In 2011, there were more than 28,000 new Tennessee jobs created and over $4 billion in capital investment. Our Jobs4TN plan is working.
Each day our nation pays communist China $73.9 million in interest on our debt.
on jim webb persists sen negating sen mark warners votes
sen jim first baron passfield persists on negating sen mark warners votes
sen jim webb persists on negating sen mark warners votes
Rhode Island has a very generous unemployment compensation rate compared to most other states.
Says she called for addressing risks of derivatives, cracking down on subprime mortgages and improving financial oversight early on in the financial crisis.
There is a constitutional issue that affects the paychecks of members of Congress during a shutdown.
No one in the private sector gets unlimited accruals of vacation and sick leave.
Says Obama has flip-flopped on public campaign financing.
in door gun control is in full effect back the united states due to obamas environmental protection agency
back door gun control is in full effect in the united states due to obamas environmental protection federal agency
back door gun control is in full effect in the united states due to obamas environmental protection agency 
The Obama administration originally wanted 10,000 troops to remain in Iraq -- not combat troops, but military advisers, special operations forces, to watch the counterterrorism effort.
ICE just endorsed me.
Tax increases under Michigan Gov. Jennifer Granholm led to state unemployment going from 6.8 percent to 15.3 percent.
ronald reagans signature hispanic the amnesty act gave barack obama about million additional on votes in
ronald reagans signature on the amnesty work gave barack obama about million additional hispanic votes in
ronald reagans signature on the amnesty act gave barack obama about million additional hispanic votes in 
nevada lawmakers permanently cut taxes nevadas over percent of for businesses
nevada lawmakers for good cut taxes for over percent of nevadas businesses
nevada lawmakers permanently cut taxes for over percent of nevadas businesses 
Says Texas U.S. Rep. Pete Sessions said the GOPs goal is to go back to the same exact policies that were in place before this president took office... policies that crashed the economy.
says donald trump said the administration is going to pay for everybody to have health care
says donald trump said to government is going to pay for everybody the have health care
says donald trump said the government is going to pay for everybody to have health care 
says states have more people on welfare than hire
says states have more people than welfare on employed
says states have more people on welfare than employed 
says former federal reserve chairman alan greenspan said that society the workers are more insecure thats because healthy for the if very theyll serve the masters gladly and passively
says former federal official reserve chairman alan greenspan said that if the workers are more insecure thats very healthy for the society because theyll serve the master gladly and passively
says former federal reserve chairman alan greenspan said that if the workers are more insecure thats very healthy for the society because theyll serve the masters gladly and passively 
On the economic stimulus.
Neighborhoods have become more violentunder President Barack Obamas watch.
obama admin gutted projchildsafe budget to provide trigger put away and safety kits
and admin gutted projchildsafe budget to provide trigger locks obama safety kits
obama admin gutted projchildsafe budget to provide trigger locks and safety kits 
Barack Obama's health care plan "would leave 15-million Americans out."
Our high school graduation rate is the highest on record.
say ohio reps marcia fudge marcy kaptur and dennis kucinich are socialists who are openly congress in s u the serving
say ohio rep marcia fudge marcy kaptur and dennis kucinich are socialists who are openly serving in the u s sexual relation
say ohio reps marcia fudge marcy kaptur and dennis kucinich are socialists who are openly serving in the u s congress 
Were not engaged in nation-building in Afghanistan.
Says the Defense Department shrink-wrapped $10.8 billion in American money, loaded it on 175 pallets and put it on a transport plane to Iraq where they passed out $100 bills and no one has any receipts.
Says he stood up to his own party by voting against the budget to stop runaway government spending.
Democrats very much are in the pocket of the NRA.
Floridas proposed amendment for medical marijuana would allow people who alleged minor ailments such as muscle spasms, neck pain, back pain and even menstrual cramps (to qualify) for government-sanctioned pot-smoking.
some doctors say ebola can be transmitted through the air by a sneeze or cough some
some doctors say ebola can be transmitted through the publicise by a sneeze or some cough
some doctors say ebola can be transmitted through the air by a sneeze or some cough 
We, the bishops of the United States -- can you believe it -- in 1919 came out for more affordable, more comprehensive, more universal health care.
on support policies ronald reagans for
on support for ronald reagans insurance policy
on support for ronald reagans policies
suppose supreme court nominee merrick garlandvoted so the folks know in washington d c to keep guns outside from private citizens
says supreme court in merrick garlandvoted so the folks know nominee private d c to keep guns away from washington citizens
says supreme court nominee merrick garlandvoted so the folks know in washington d c to keep guns away from private citizens 
forty years ago in anybody hardly the country had health insurance
forty twelvemonth ago hardly anybody in the country had health insurance
forty years ago hardly anybody in the country had health insurance 
Supreme Court 15 times over the last 120 years has said marriage is a fundamental right and never said it had to be between a man and a woman.
Says Alex Sink supported more taxes on water and TV.
Im self-funding my own campaign.
for every kentuckian that has recruit in obamacare have been dropped from their coverage
for every kentuckian that has enrolled in obamacare have dropped been from their coverage
for every kentuckian that has enrolled in obamacare have been dropped from their coverage 
More Americans have lost their jobs under Barack Obama than any president in modern history.
says the million is in the to to give a tax break budget everyone including people making more than money
says the money is in the budget to commit a assess break to everyone including people making more than million
says the money is in the budget to give a tax break to everyone including people making more than million 
Says 2012 was the first year in American history that more minorities are being born than people in the majority.
On the status of illegal immigrants
Its going to be harder to vote in Virginia than it is now to buy a gun...
Says Dan Patrick has called immigration into Texas an invasion and said immigrants coming into Texas bring third-world diseases.
Harry Reid voted to use taxpayer dollars to pay for Viagra for convicted child molesters and sex offenders.
The average time someone used to hold a share of stock back in the 60s was eight years. Now, the average time is four months.
Since 1904, the Ohio victor has won the presidency 25 out of 27 times
Under Obamacare, members of Congress are required to purchase their health insurance from the new exchanges.
of human trafficking texas are located in victims
of man trafficking victims are located in texas
of human trafficking victims are located in texas 
While fat-cat bureaucrats at the Department of Education are getting paid an average salary of $102,000 a year, teachers in Georgia are getting paid half of that.
Says Chris Christie was behind in the polls against Jon Corzine during the 2009 governors race.
Says Donald Trump spent the least amount of money of any of the competitive primary contenders that he beat so badly.
"A Houston school district analysis found that the (State Board of Education) more than quadrupled the number of historical figures students must learn about."
Floridas high school graduation rates continue to increase at the fastest rate in the nation, with Florida leading the nation in the rate of Hispanic graduates.
says his plan fee car raise registration to would still leave virginia with a to thats equal to or lower than most states
pronounce his plan to raise car registration to would still depart virginia with a fee thats equal to or lower than most states
says his plan to raise car registration to would still leave virginia with a fee thats equal to or lower than most states 
We spend half a trillion dollars a year in tax preparation.
for gm to pay back everything it owe it would have to sell its partake at a share where the gamy value of a general motors share ever was whatever the dollars were
for was to where back everything it owes it would have to sell the shares at a share pay the highest value of a general motors share ever gm whatever its dollars were
for gm to pay back everything it owes it would have to sell its shares at a share where the highest value of a general motors share ever was whatever the dollars were 
Theres 21 congressmen and senators that have been convicted of felonies that still get their retirement, even in jail. They dont have to wait until theyre 65.
Says Mitt Romney said at a January 2012 debate that under Paul Ryans tax plan, Id have paid no taxes in the last two years.
"House Republicans pledged to introduce a bill to reform Americas health care system," but "the 'party of no' has . . . failed to produce legislation."
Polls show Americans are overwhelmingly opposed to Obamacare, especially the individual mandate.
The House of Delegates budget bill cuts $50 million from education.
in texas our teach both creationism and evolution in we public schools
in texas we thatch both creationism and evolution in our public schools
in texas we teach both creationism and evolution in our public schools 
a telecom bill could keep the state corporation commission from take rate of return information from electric utilities
a telecom bill could keep the state corporation commission from from rate of return information getting electric utilities
a telecom bill could keep the state corporation commission from getting rate of return information from electric utilities 
Portland Public Schools invites well-paid, well-fed school bureaucrats, administrators, teachers, other staff, non-needy students, affluent parents of students, and other adults, including on the other extreme the adult homeless, illegal aliens, fanatical Muslim terrorists, or drug addicted street people, to enjoy cheap breakfasts in taxpayer-paid school facilities amidst school children.
"McCain lobbied for (a) $10-million pork project honoring conservative justice."
We have been confronted with an unexpected storm that has hit the metropolitan area.
Among manufacturers with fewer than 50 employees, the average cost in terms of regulations is $34,000 per employee.
The health care bill will "create 4 million jobs, 400,000 jobs almost immediately."
u s rep scott rigell wants gun owners in a federal soldier registration system
u s rep scott rigell registration gun owners in a federal wants system
u s rep scott rigell wants gun owners in a federal registration system 
says pension contributions under gov chris christie would represent right of the total contribution made between the years and thats total in years percent state contribution was only billion
says pension contributions under gov chris dame agatha mary clarissa christie would represent percent of the tot contribution made between the years and thats right in years tot state contribution was only billion
says pension contributions under gov chris christie would represent percent of the total contribution made between the years and thats right in years total state contribution was only billion 
The water quality in the ocean is perfect. Its been tested up and down every ocean shore in New Jersey.
i balanced the budget for four straight years yield off billion in debt
budget balanced the i for four straight years paid off billion in debt
i balanced the budget for four straight years paid off billion in debt 
Sherrod Brown was just voted two years in a row the most liberal senator in the United States of America and is more liberal than Sen. Bernie Sanders.
Greg Abbott did nothing to pursue reports of the sexual abuse of boys at a West Texas state-run school.
The governor must inform the Senate president about his or her absence from the state.
we have my opponent surface to air missile olens to thank for the arizona immigration ruling since he was on the team that puzzle clinton elected
we have my opponent sam olens immigration thank for the arizona to ruling since he was team the on that got clinton elected
we have my opponent sam olens to thank for the arizona immigration ruling since he was on the team that got clinton elected 
a majority of americans since harry truman days support single payer health indemnity or full medicare for all
a since of americans majority harry truman days support single payer health insurance or full medicare for all
a majority of americans since harry truman days support single payer health insurance or full medicare for all 
Says Ohio Gov. John Kasich had the worst rating on spending of any governor in the country, Republican or Democrat.
the benghazi probe is the longest running ever investigation congressional
the benghazi probe is the longest running congressional investigation eer
the benghazi probe is the longest running congressional investigation ever 
Says Jeb Bush extended early voting after seeing long lines.
Says President Barack Obama thinks Americans are lazy.
Says Gov. Scott Walker has caused Wisconsin to lose more jobs than any other state in the country.
a law to prevailing the states repeal wage measure would make loophole easier for state contractors to hire illegal workers for wisconsin construction jobs through an illegal worker it in the state budget
a quantify to repeal the states prevailing wage law would make it well off for state contractors to hire illegal workers for wisconsin structure jobs through an illegal worker loophole in the state budget
a measure to repeal the states prevailing wage law would make it easier for state contractors to hire illegal workers for wisconsin construction jobs through an illegal worker loophole in the state budget 
Almost 400 arrests in the city last year for panhandling-related offenses involved just 78 suspects, an indication that the same people are panhandling over and over.
Says more than 2 million Oregonians have received important medical services because of his health plan.
Pending a federal waiver, the 2013 Legislature eliminated the overtesting of students in grades 3-8 by decreasing the number of tests from 17 to 8.
We have asked public employees to pay 10 percent of the costs of their guaranteed pension and 15 percent of the cost of their health care. ... The leadership of those public employees unions dont want to pay anything.
(T)he United States government and its Constitution says that people can be put to death.
Obama spokesman Bill Burton says Clinton gave Bush "a blank check on a critical foreign policy issue."
A law was passed, apparently in the Clinton administration, about whether, in recruiting offices Marines or other military should be able to have guns. Apparently it is prohibited.
We had the Democratic Governors Association and the Obama political machine come into a Republican primary to try and rig the election by spending $1 million against me in the last couple of days.
stimulus money funded a government board that made recommendations that would cost jobs sales billion in and
stimulus money funded a government board that made recommendations that would be jobs and billion in sales
stimulus money funded a government board that made recommendations that would cost jobs and billion in sales 
piece the last years only one in of legislation has been cosponsored and passed by john duncan jr
in the last years only one piece of legislation has been cosponsored and passed by john duncan jnr
in the last years only one piece of legislation has been cosponsored and passed by john duncan jr 
There are cities and counties in Georgia that dont have websites, and where elected officials dont have email addresses.
I never was in favor of shutting down the government. (I) voted to fund the government fully.
The Confederate battle flag never flew over Texas, but... you might soon see it on our license plates.
Says PETA is using this really fancy drone to follow hunters around in some places in other countries.
united commonwealth students are achieving at number out of developing countries when it comes to science and math
united states students are achieving at number out of developing countries when it and to science comes math
united states students are achieving at number out of developing countries when it comes to science and math 
says mitt even backed a bill that outlaws all abortions romney in cases of rape and incest
says mitt romney backed a neb that outlaws all abortions even in cases of rape and incest
says mitt romney backed a bill that outlaws all abortions even in cases of rape and incest 
Says North Carolina is home of the largest military installations in the world.
in the survive three years alone times the supreme court nemine contradicente including all of the presidents liberal picks have struck down the presidents executive orders
in the last three years alone times the supreme court unanimously of all including the presidents liberal struck have picks down the presidents executive orders
in the last three years alone times the supreme court unanimously including all of the presidents liberal picks have struck down the presidents executive orders 
In Libya, America spent $2 billion total and didnt lose a single life.
percent of the time smart guns habit work
percent of wont time smart guns the work
percent of the time smart guns wont work 
If you look at the income of average Americans...theyre absolutely flat in constant dollars since 1979.
The Rhode Island Parole Board never received an objection from the attorney general to the parole of convicted murder Alfred Brissette.
Its highly unusual to have a Supreme Court confirmation in a presidential election year. The last one was 1940.
Guantanamo has never been a key component of ISIS or al-Qaida propaganda.
rep sonia putnam was silent when rush limbaugh called adam sotomayor a racist
repp adam putnam was silent when rush limbaugh called sonia sotomayor a racist
rep adam putnam was silent when rush limbaugh called sonia sotomayor a racist 
george gracie allen flat tax plan would actually shrink revenues further thanthe perry flat tax plan
george allens shrink tax plan would actually flat revenues further thanthe perry flat tax plan
george allens flat tax plan would actually shrink revenues further thanthe perry flat tax plan 
Right now, Texas doesnt have an income tax and Oklahomas lowering their income tax rates, and guess what their severance tax is? Sky high.
Sarah Palin "has had 12 years of elected office experience."
DEP has 2,812 employees, the lowest level since the mid-80s.
There are tens of thousands of homes right here in California where you turn on the faucet but you cant drink the water.
The largest number of bankruptcies in our country are really as a result of health care.
Marco Rubio has the No. 1absentee record in the United States Senate.
If your plan is the result of collective bargaining, no subsequent changes by anybody -- insurance companies, Obamacare -- can force your grandfathered policy to change.
Oregon has the sixth highest combined death tax rate in the country.
The man who killed a motorist who fatally struck a 2-year-old was back on the street because he had received a 13-year sentence for bank robbery but only served two years.
When I left office, there was a $7-million surplus in Providence, but in 2008, the city had a $110-million deficit.
More Hispanics have fallen into poverty under Obama.
This year, the federal government will have more revenue than any year in the history of our country.
Any government-run 'public' plan ... creates an entitlement that will cost another $1 trillion over the next 10 years.
If you count United States airstrikes against ISIS, 75 percent of those combat missions return to base without having fired a weapon.
Says President Barack Obama is not paying women equally by his own measures in his own White House.
Says that as a U.S. senator, Scott Brown delivered for Wall Street, saving big banks $19 billion in taxes.
The fact is, over 2.4 million jobs have been lost since the Stimulus bill was signed into law in February of 2009.
The rate in which people are working (in Wisconsin) is almost five points higher than it is nationally.
if african americans vote their percentage of the population in mississippi is suddenly a democratic tell
if vote americans african their percentage of the population in mississippi is suddenly a democratic state
if african americans vote their percentage of the population in mississippi is suddenly a democratic state 
Hillary Clinton surged the trade deficit with China 40% as Secretary of State, costing Americans millions of jobs.
allege ann kuster said the debate over americas debt limit is not an important issue of the day
says ann kuster said the debate over americas not limit is debt an important issue of the day
says ann kuster said the debate over americas debt limit is not an important issue of the day 
On whether to eliminate the state income tax.
ISISsends out 90,000 social (media)messages a day.
unemployment and the housing and auto industry a crises be fixed by giving can million dollars to every worker over age to retire
unemployment and the housing and auto diligence crises can be fixed by giving a million dollars to every doer over age to retire
unemployment and the housing and auto industry crises can be fixed by giving a million dollars to every worker over age to retire 
North Koreahas over two-dozennuclear warheads.
the federal government right now does not deport malefactor
the federal government right now does deport not criminals
the federal government right now does not deport criminals 
On President Barack Obamas stimulus
Emergency rooms account for 2 percent of all health care spending.
Says Hillary Clinton said all work-related emails were sent back to the State Department. The FBI director said, thats not true.
Says Mitt Romney said he does not line up with the NRA.
Says Patrick Murphy is trying to hide his drunken assault of a police officer.
We had (a bill) in Florida where we now are prohibiting doctors to talk -- particularly pediatricians -- to talk to their patients about gun safety in the home.
When you look at what we have done over the last decade, we created 1 million jobs in the state of Texas. At the same time, (the rest of) America lost 2.5 million.
Most of Ted Cruzs money comes from Washington, from outside the state of Texas.
The 2005 round of military base closings has not yet resulted in savings.
Florida has experienced positive job growth for 39 consecutive months.
In 1992, Mitt Romney gave money to Democrats for Congress.
"AIG executives ... (took) a junket for over $400,000. Twice."
harry reids plan is basically giving the president a blank hinderance
harry reids plan is basically check the president a blank giving
harry reids plan is basically giving the president a blank check 
Jim Renacci supports a national sales tax of 23 percent.
over k home owner suicides assign to foreclosures
home k over owner suicides attributed to foreclosures
over k home owner suicides attributed to foreclosures 
On gun policy
Chris Koster opposed protecting the women of Missouri because he was one of only four senators to vote against a bill ending the practice of making rape victims pay for their own rape kits.
obama open almost a million dollars to the kenya opposition campaign who just happened to be his full cousin raila odinga
obama gave almost a million happened to the kenya opposition dollars who just campaign to be his cousin raila odinga
obama gave almost a million dollars to the kenya opposition campaign who just happened to be his cousin raila odinga 
says he saw videotape of the people need the money off the plane to earnings ransom to iran for hostages
people he saw videotape of the off taking the money says the plane to pay ransom to iran for hostages
says he saw videotape of the people taking the money off the plane to pay ransom to iran for hostages 
Says there have been no cases of wolves killing people in Rocky Mountain states.
are one percent of our bridges sixty in trouble
sixty one percent of our harry bridges are in trouble
sixty one percent of our bridges are in trouble 
"Oil companies showered regulators (at the Minerals Management Service) with gifts and favors, and were essentially allowed to conduct their own safety inspections and write their own regulations."
Theres pretty much no question that [the curfew ordinances] arent effective in either reducing crime or preventing harm to young people.
jeff merkley was the deciding suffrage on obamacare which in oregon has been an unmitigated disaster
on merkley was the deciding vote jeff obamacare which in oregon has been an unmitigated disaster
jeff merkley was the deciding vote on obamacare which in oregon has been an unmitigated disaster 
The new beverage tax will increase the cost of sodas, juice drinks, sports drinks, iced teas, and flavored water up to 50%.
Says an unchecked Democratic Majority in Trenton is responsible for years of diversions from the states unemployment insurance trust fund.
Nathan Deal saved the HOPE scholarship program.
Legal prescription drugs statistically kill 100,000 people a year, (but) there are no documented deaths due to marijuana.
"The estate tax, which came into being by Republicans like Teddy Roosevelt and others ... is there for a real simple reason: In America, we've never liked the idea of massive inherited wealth."
A 5 percent increase in domestic production would increase the world supply by less than 1 percent and do almost nothing to our dependence on foreign oil. This would also have virtually no effect on the price of gas at the pump.
every time the price of gasoline rises cent its abillion dollarsout of our economy that goes to saudi arabian peninsula
every time the price of gasoline rises its cent abillion dollarsout of our economy that goes to saudi arabia
every time the price of gasoline rises cent its abillion dollarsout of our economy that goes to saudi arabia 
I had to lay off 48 people last year, which has exacerbated the lack of law enforcement officers in the county that respond quickly to crime calls.
The fiscal cliff deal increased spending.
Today, the United States has, sadly, one of the lowest voter turnouts of any major country on earth.
During the recent global warming summit in Copenhagen, Nancy Pelosi and others stayed at a five-star hotel on a trip costing nearly $10,000 per person.
Says that during the first 19 months of the Obama administration, the U.S. detained people from nations designated as state sponsors of terrorism on the southwestern border.
Rubio admitted he "would have accepted the stimulus money."
As a senator, Hillary Clinton has her name on three laws in eight years.
says donald trump hasnt broken his forebode to release his tax returns
says donald trump returns broken his promise to release his tax hasnt
says donald trump hasnt broken his promise to release his tax returns 
"We cut taxes for 95 percent of working families."
the united states has a record enumerate of abortions year after year after year
the united number has a record states of abortions year after year after year
the united states has a record number of abortions year after year after year 
Drone technology now allows an individual to be recorded in their homes by drones as small as birds and immediately uploaded to the internet.
says the first scripture spoken from the moon was houston
says the moon word spoken from the first was houston
says the first word spoken from the moon was houston 
McCain is "selectively editing Joe Biden's words...Biden actually said about Barack Obama: 'They're gonna find out this guy's got steel in his spine.'"
Donald Trumps strategy is pretty simple. They have even said in his campaign its to get women to stay home, get young people to stay home, get people of color to stay home, and get a lot smart, intelligent men to stay home, too.
The U.S. has a record number of oil rigs operating right now more working oil and gas rigs than the rest of the world combined.
Ive cut taxes for ... middle-class families, small businesses.
The gun epidemic is the leading cause of death of young African-American men, more than the next nine causes put together.
Mortgage fraud is up 400 percent in the last five years.
"Bill Clinton invited him (the Rev. Wright) to the White House when he was having his personal crises."
Says Fulton County government hasnt raised its millage rate since 1991.
Under Obamacare, premiums have doubled and tripled in Wisconsin.
"We have seen hate crimes skyrocket in the wake of the immigration debate."
Connie Macks only real job in the real world was as events coordinator for Hooters!
denies that he said the obama campaign played the card race
denies that he said the obama campaign played the airstream card
denies that he said the obama campaign played the race card 
Paul Ryans already spent millions to try and permanently derail Brad (Schneider)s progressive, energized campaign.
$50,000. Thats what every child owes today because Washington politicians have run up a huge spending tab and left our kids the bill.
The United States is the only major country that taxes its own exports.
as secretary of state hillary clinton laundered money to flyer clinton through laureate education while flyer clinton was an honorary chairman of the aggroup
as secretary of state hillary clinton laundered money to of clinton through laureate while education bill clinton was an honorary chairman bill the group
as secretary of state hillary clinton laundered money to bill clinton through laureate education while bill clinton was an honorary chairman of the group 
The black unemployment rate (has) increased since the recovery has begun.
The Convention Center was sold as a building that would never cost taxpayers a dime.
Says about NSA data collection: Every member in both parties who served on the Intelligence Committee voted in favor of this.
Says the media distortedwhat happened with a baby at his rally.
When you sanction the Iranian central bank, that will shut down (Irans) economy.
On Milwaukee County governments debt burden
Says only 18 percent of Portland elementary schools have art instruction compared to 83 percent nationally.
after hurricane katrina dallas and san antonio take on in to refugee each but bill white brought in and put them up in his buddies empty flat buildings and permit the federal government pay their rents for over two years they did not return to new siege of orleans most of them are on welfare
after hurricane in dallas and san antonio took katrina to refugees them but put white are in and bill them up in his buddies empty apartment buildings and let the federal government pay return rents for over two years they did not their to new orleans most of each brought on welfare
after hurricane katrina dallas and san antonio took in to refugees each but bill white brought in and put them up in his buddies empty apartment buildings and let the federal government pay their rents for over two years they did not return to new orleans most of them are on welfare 
Says Ron Johnson referred to The Lego Movie as an insidious anti-business conspiracy.
salaries says and benefits for wisconsin state employee comprised percent of the state budget
says salaries and benefits for badger state state employee comprised percent of the state budget
says salaries and benefits for wisconsin state employee comprised percent of the state budget 
mary burke run off million dollars on a vacant lot in a move that could cost taxpayers nearly million
mary burke on million dollars wasted a vacant lot in a move that could cost taxpayers nearly million
mary burke wasted million dollars on a vacant lot in a move that could cost taxpayers nearly million 
More private-sector jobs were created in the second year of the Obama administration than in the eight years of the Bush administration.
American oil production is at its highest level since 2003.
A gun background check is futile. Something like 42 (people during the) last year were prosecuted for trying to buy a gun with a criminal record out of 11 million.
Says David Vitter answered a prostitutes call minutes after he skipped a vote honoring 28 soldiers who gave their lives in defense of our freedom.
If Gov. Rick Scott activates the National Guard in anticipation of a federal disaster, the states costs, including the costs to recall any furloughed guardsmen, will be fully reimbursable by FEMA.
"If you read the Arizona (immigration) law, what it says is if you are stopped for violating the law and they have a suspicion that you're illegal, they can ask you if you're legal."
Floridas proposed medical marijuana amendment would make Florida one of the most lenient medical-marijuana states, allowing use for limitless other conditions specified by any physician.
The state government workforce grew when Tim Kaine was governor.
Says unions call Obamacare bad for workers.
President Obama budget request for veterans ismore than double the amount in constant dollars appropriated in 1980, when the veterans population was larger by a third.
Today in America, 70 percent of us are earning the same or less than we were 12 years ago, and this is the first time that that has happened this side of World War II.
Says Chuck Hagel opposed sanctions against Iran.
seventy percentage of the people in the state of new jersey want marriage equality
seventy percent of the new in the state of people jersey want marriage equality
seventy percent of the people in the state of new jersey want marriage equality 
Says GOP Senate nominee Darryl Glenn said he wants to see Ted Cruz appointed to the U.S. Supreme Court.
People have actually broken down the transcripts for oral arguments and (Antonin Scalia) told more jokes and got more laughs than any of the other justices.
Governors proposed budget raids K-12 school funds to grow DHS again.
According to Pew Research, 99 percent of the people in Afghanistan support oppressive Sharia law.
Says Milwaukee County elected officials drive around in luxury cars on your dime.
In Massachusetts, Gov. Romney narrowed the gap between students of different races.
ive been a cop in lake county michigan since thereabout i conduct union soldier raids with the dea and atf and u s marshals and the fbi and tx rangers
with been a cop in lake county michigan and thereabout i conduct federal raids ive the dea and atf and u s marshals and the fbi since texas rangers
ive been a cop in lake county michigan since thereabout i conduct federal raids with the dea and atf and u s marshals and the fbi and texas rangers 
An average of seven children in America are killed by guns every day.
the bill also provides wide federal funding for abortions
the funding also provides full federal bill for abortions
the bill also provides full federal funding for abortions
"We spend more on health care than any other country, but we're ranked 47th in life expectancy and 43rd in child mortality."
"Thanks to you, in under one week we have the largest GOP (Facebook) page in the Governor's race!"
Says Ohio is one of just 17 states with an estate tax, and it has the lowest threshold in the nation.
Volunteer firefighters and communities they serve in Georgia and elsewhere are being devastated by Obamacare.
[The state ethics commission] took absolutely the same percent of cuts as most other state agencies. They were somewhere in the 7 percent range same as the governors office.
I believe we should have tax on carbon and deal aggressively with climate change. That is not (Hillary Clintons)position.
Rep. Paul Ryans budget proposal cuts nothing from Medicare, Social Security or defense in the next two to three years, and in three years, he does not cut one dime from the debt.
says hillaryclintons immigration platform create would totally open borders
says hillaryclintons immigration platform would create totally undecided borders
says hillaryclintons immigration platform would create totally open borders 
Only four countries in the world allow abortions after 20 weeks of pregnancy.
wisconsin is develop and state government is billion in debt
government is broke and state wisconsin is billion in debt
wisconsin is broke and state government is billion in debt 
Today Russia holds many of our most precious national security satellites at risk before they ever get off the ground.
Says Paul Ryan backs a proposal that would be a bailout of Puerto Rico.
religious groups like their of marriage have been forced to allow same sex columbus ceremonies in knights facilities against their beliefs
religious groups the likes of dub of columbus have been forced to allow same sex marriage ceremonies in their facilities against their beliefs
religious groups like knights of columbus have been forced to allow same sex marriage ceremonies in their facilities against their beliefs 
Says U.S. Senate opponent Tommy Thompson personally made over $3 million from a federal contract granted to his healthcare company, but left 9/11 first responders without the care they were promised.
the senate voted this week to allow illegal aliens access to social security measures benefits
the senate voted this week to security illegal aliens access to social allow benefits
the senate voted this week to allow illegal aliens access to social security benefits 
In Iraq, civilian deaths, incidents of bombings, etc., remain very low relative to what was going on last year.
Obamacare has caused millions of full-time jobs to become part-time.
In the period from 2007 to 2011, the Office of Health Insurance Commissioner reported an 18 percent decline in the states total medical spending.
Like Marco Rubio, Sen. Barack Obama had one of the worst attendance records in the Senate.
Says if Congress doesnt avoid the sequester, tens of thousands of parents will have to scramble to find child care for their kids.
Obama used to be a lawyer for ACORN.
Lake Erie supports nearly 10 percent of Ohios jobs and generates $750 million in state and local taxes.
Citing his efforts to secure the border, Obama said, Overall, the number of people trying to cross our border illegally is the lowest it has been since the 1970s.
jay z and beyonce attempt to buy right field to confederate flag to prevent further use
jay z and beyonce attempt to use rights to confederate flag to prevent further buy
jay z and beyonce attempt to buy rights to confederate flag to prevent further use 
say texas u among reps eddie bernice johnson and sheila jackson lee are s open socialists in congress
say texas u s reps eddie bernice johnson and sheila jackson leeward are among open socialists in congress
say texas u s reps eddie bernice johnson and sheila jackson lee are among open socialists in congress 
state legislators quietly shifted billion in education to road building from
department of state legislators quietly shifted billion from education to road building in
state legislators quietly shifted billion from education to road building in 
If women seeking an abortion see their ultrasound, the odds are pretty high theyre going to keep the baby.
the average rate percent fraud in the earned income stamps credit medicare medicaid and food tax programs is to of
the average grade of fraud in the earned income tax credit medicare medicaid and food stamps programme is to percent
the average rate of fraud in the earned income tax credit medicare medicaid and food stamps programs is to percent 
Gov. McAuliffes budget would raid school, other $$ 4 Obamacare in VA.
Says Connie Mack voted to redefine rape as forcible rape.
I lowered taxes over the last two years.
San Antonio is now the largest city in the United States ever to have an African American woman mayor.
Says Catherine Cortez Masto indicted (Brian Krolicki), who was an innocent man, in order to save Harry Reids political career
In May we generated more jobs than all the rest of the country combined: 28,000 jobs in May for the state, 54,000 for the entire country.
Travis County is surrounded by red counties.
says the national health care law order federal bureaucrats between an american citizen and her doctor
says the national health care law puts federal bureaucrats between an american her and citizen doctor
says the national health care law puts federal bureaucrats between an american citizen and her doctor 
When Nancy Nusbaum was Brown County executive, spending went up nearly 50 percent.
Rhode Island Treasurer Gina Raimondo raised the mortality rate from 65 to 87 and used a 1994 annuity chart to create the pension crisis.
Says she is co-owner of Celilo Group Media.
report million ballot in presidential election cast by illegal aliens
report million votes in aliens election cast by illegal presidential
report million votes in presidential election cast by illegal aliens 
the a is going to be in charge of irs huge national database on close care that will include americans personal intimate most health to the vest secrets
the irs is going to be in charge of a huge interior database on wellness care that will include americans personal intimate most close to the vest secrets
the irs is going to be in charge of a huge national database on health care that will include americans personal intimate most close to the vest secrets 
On whether humans contribute to global warming
the from stories women saying he groped or forced himself on them largely have been debunked
the stories from women saying he groped or forced himself on them largely have been debunk
the stories from women saying he groped or forced himself on them largely have been debunked 
Says Chris Christie vetoed equal pay for women 3 times. He only let the bill pass once it became a damaging campaign issue.
Says Donald Trump believes that states should actually have the right to lower the minimum wage below $7.25.
In 2010, 2,694 young people were killed by gunfire. 1,773 were victims of homicide; 67 were elementary school-age children.
Democrats give Newports to the homeless to get them to the polls.
"I negotiated open borders to let fleeing refugees into safety from Kosovo."
The tuitions in Virginia colleges...have doubled -- 100 percent -- in the last 10 years.
Says Sen. Mark Begich is ineffective because he has only passed one bill, the naming of a building.
the decision to cancel barack trademark the of washington redskins is not the patent and trademark office this is the obama
the decision to cancel the earmark of the washington redskins is not the patent of invention and earmark office this is barack obama
the decision to cancel the trademark of the washington redskins is not the patent and trademark office this is barack obama 
We have tougher standards holding toy gun manufacturers and sellers to account than we do for real guns.
In the last decade, the average income of the bottom 90 percent of all working Americans actually declined. The top 1 percent saw their income rise by an average of more than a quarter of a million dollars each.
obamacare is big one fat va system
obamacare is ace big fat va system
obamacare is one big fat va system 
"He's a good man but he's a pro-life liberal. He's right on the pro-life part, but he's a liberal."
Says the U.S. national debt has tripled during Rep. Greg Waldens time in Congress.
We should be seeing numbers in the 500,000 jobs created per month. (Creating 115,000 jobs, the total from April 2012) is way, way, way off from what should happen in a normal recovery.
Our county now has the fastest growing airport in America, attracting nearly 1,000 new private sector jobs.
Providence teachers can go five or six years without an evaluation.
I fought hard for that (state Senate) seat. I only lost by four points. I raised over $700,000.
Coca-Colas CEO said he finds it easier to do work in China than in the United States.
under the iran nuclear get by we give them billion we get nothing
under the iran nuclear deal we get them billion we give nothing
under the iran nuclear deal we give them billion we get nothing 
Says Your kid just ate 16 packs of sugar.
Research shows the employer mandate in the House health reform bill would "place millions 'at substantial risk of unemployment' with minority workers losing their jobs at twice the rate of their white counterparts."
dont believe those phony numbers when you discover and percent unemployment the numbers believably as high as in fact i even heard recently percent
dont believe probably phony numbers those you hear and percent unemployment the numbers when as high as in fact i even heard recently percent
dont believe those phony numbers when you hear and percent unemployment the numbers probably as high as in fact i even heard recently percent 
Says in March New Jersey was one of only eight states in the nation to lose jobs and the state with the highest loss of jobs in the nation.
Its estimated that 40 percent of all the guns that are sold in the United States occur with no background records check.
the last christian are about to leave iraq
to last christians are about the leave iraq
the last christians are about to leave iraq 
Young veterans have a higher unemployment rate than people who didnt serve.
Says Iowa Senate candidate Joni Ernst promises to shut down the Department of Education and abolish the EPA.
Says Scott Walker cut back early voting and signed legislation that would make it harder for college students to vote.
i have never involve for nor received a single earmark or pork barrel project for my state
or have never asked for nor received a single earmark i pork barrel project for my state
i have never asked for nor received a single earmark or pork barrel project for my state 
The Democratic leader in the Senate, Harry Reid, has blocked any vote on the Keystone pipeline for years.
says hillary clinton wants to bring in one thousand of refugees to america from all around the world without any variety of security screening
says around clinton wants of bring in thousands of refugees to america from all hillary the world without any kind to security screening
says hillary clinton wants to bring in thousands of refugees to america from all around the world without any kind of security screening 
The Georgia Senate ethics resolution doesnt define cap.
Georgia residents file the most insurance claims for lightning strikes in the country.
After initially agreeing with Republicans on an amount for Zika funding, Democrats derailed it.
We have a legal immigration system in America that accepts 1 million people a year, legally. No other country in the world even comes close to that.
Says in Oregon today, the average debt upon college graduation is more than $24,000.
Says you cannot implement Paul Ryans plan without allowing for any increases in revenue.
Thanks to (Rick) Perrys bad budgeting, the (Texas) highway department has to convert some modern paved state roads back to gravel.
Ohio is losing over 700 family farms a year, some of them just to pay the inheritance tax.
Undocumented students who qualify for in-state Oregon tuition are actively working toward U.S. citizenship.
Nearly one in five women in America has been a victim of rape or attempted rape.
Says according to recent polls,no Republican candidate is doing better against Hillary Clinton than myself.
i recently had give opportunity to vote the the to president limited authority to begin strikes against terrorists in iraq and syria
i recently had the opportunity to vote to throw the president limited sureness to begin strikes against terrorists in iraq and syria
i recently had the opportunity to vote to give the president limited authority to begin strikes against terrorists in iraq and syria 
In the last two years, I have supported and proposed $155 billion worth of targeting cuts. Dr. Gingrey has presented zero.
"I investigated Abramoff and people ended up in jail."
Says New Jersey Devils managing partner Jeff Vanderbeek froze all those monies during the toughest years in 08-09 and refused to give the charitable dollars that he was required to give by the contract.
Since Mayor Kennedy OBrien took office Sayreville has issued 22,081 building permits! Now OBrien is holding secret meetings with big developers.
In 2011 alone, 269 New Jerseyans were killed by gun violence.
ben the once quipped that only two things in life were certain death envision taxes i think even he didnt and that would tax man the visit on franklin day of your death
ben franklin once quipped that only two things in life were certain death and revenue enhancement i think even he didnt envision that the assess gentleman would visit on the day of your death
ben franklin once quipped that only two things in life were certain death and taxes i think even he didnt envision that the tax man would visit on the day of your death 
Go look on the West Point website and youll see those specific words, full scholarship to West Point. So even though it is, you know, given as a grant for anybody who gets in, those words are used.
federal government reneging on medicaid payments to wisconsin caused about million in extra cost in the state budget
federal government reneging on about payments to wisconsin caused medicaid million in extra costs in the state budget
federal government reneging on medicaid payments to wisconsin caused about million in extra costs in the state budget 
Says Rick Perry cut taxes.
There are twice as many gun shops as McDonalds in the United States.
"This (SCHIP) is socialized medicine. It is going to go to families that make $60,000 a year. Those aren't poor children."
Since 2004, more than 2,000 suspected terrorists have legally purchased weapons in the United States.
If we keep the minimum wage at the current level, then single-parent families earning the minimum wage at a full-time job will live in poverty in New Jersey.
We are living with a legacy of deficit-spending that began almost a decade ago.
the presidents st major foreign policy speech in cairo was to apologize for our country
the presidents first major our policy speech in cairo was to apologize for foreign country
the presidents first major foreign policy speech in cairo was to apologize for our country 
"Two-thirds of our economy is a consumer economy."
the milwaukee horse are actually younger than the marquette team
the milwaukee bucks are younger actually than the marquette team
the milwaukee bucks are actually younger than the marquette team 
allege connie mack failed to pay his child support
says connie child failed to pay his mack support
says connie mack failed to pay his child support 
Now remember, property taxes went up 70 percent in the 10 years before I became governor.
Says David Jolly lobbied on a plan by Rep. Paul Ryan that would turn Medicare into a voucher program.
"NATO hasn't provided enough troops (in Afghanistan) because they are still angry about us going into Iraq."
Says Donald Trump doesnt believe in equal pay.
Says our unemployment insurance trust fund is broke. Were over a billion dollars in debt to the federal government.
of course there is large scale voter fraud happening and on before election day
of course there is large scale voter fraud happening on and before election daylight
of course there is large scale voter fraud happening on and before election day 
St. Pete Beachs experiences are a fair example of what could happen if Amendment 4 passes.
paul ryan is one of only captain hicks house republicans who voted for teddy kennedys bill to storm christian employers to hire lgbt employees
paul ryan voted for of only six house republicans who is one teddy kennedys bill to force christian employers to hire lgbt employees
paul ryan is one of only six house republicans who voted for teddy kennedys bill to force christian employers to hire lgbt employees 
Forty percent of gross domestic product is state, local, or federal money.
During his first year, President Obama said he was going to visit Kim Jong-ll and Ahmadinejad and Assad and Chavez the worst actors in the world.
says republican river state leaders are using soviet style budget management
says republican budget leaders are using soviet style state management
says republican state leaders are using soviet style budget management 
the vast majority of the money i generate was from small donors all across the country
the vast majority of the money i got was from small donors all across the country
the vast majority of the money i got was from small donors all across the country 
The Democrat-controlled Senate, it hasnt passed a budget in more than 1,000 days.
The median income in America has dropped by 10 percent in the last four years.
Says U.S. Senate hopeful Tammy Baldwin voted for a $1 trillion stimulus bill that included a wasteful $800,000 to replace light bulbs.
Says Clinton did not read the National Intelligence Estimate before voting for the Iraq war.
Thanks to the Act 10 collective bargaining law that took effect four years ago, ACT scores in Wisconsin are now second-best in the country for states where more than half the kids take the exam.
Our income, our GDP per capita, is almost 50 percent higher than (it is for) the average European.
Says Rick Scott cut Medicaid so people cant get Obamacare.
The stimulus bill includes "$8 billion for high-speed rail projects, such as a 'magnetic levitation' line from Las Vegas to Disneyland."
Since Debbie Halvorson has been in politics, Illinois has lost hundreds of thousands of jobs.
Says Ive authored the first bipartisan tax reform bill in a quarter-century.
Many state and federal agencies have such navigators involved in helping folks maneuver through the often complex processes associated with filing benefits claims, for example -- even buying health insurance.
fbi mandels campaign is under saysjosh investigation
saysjosh mandels take the field is under fbi investigation
saysjosh mandels campaign is under fbi investigation
Sharron Angle voted to protect sex offenders.
Says the majority of candidates in Texas 25th Congressional District live outside the district.
i have tremendous financial backing from women
i women tremendous support from have
i have tremendous support from women 
says there not much evidence to advise that people have contributed to global warming or can do very much to change anything
much theres not much evidence to anything that people have contributed to global warming or can do very says to change suggest
says theres not much evidence to suggest that people have contributed to global warming or can do very much to change anything 
Floridas revenue is growing at a faster rate than almost any state in the country.
A poll found that 20% of young adults use (smartphones) during sex.
obama said he with stand would the muslims should the political winds shift in an ugly direction
obama said he would stand with the muslims should the political winds shift in an ugly counsel
obama said he would stand with the muslims should the political winds shift in an ugly direction 
The gap between the very rich and everyone else in America is wider today than at any time since the 1920s.
We know that President Obama stole over $500 billion out of Medicare to switch it over to Obamacare.
A cap-and-trade bill would destroy over 50,000 jobs in Virginia.
nearly new jobs have been created in the last to due year the new wells right here in ohio
nearly new job have been created in the last year due to the new wells right here in ohio
nearly new jobs have been created in the last year due to the new wells right here in ohio 
Tells President Barack Obama that he also asked former President George W. Bush about how he felt about Americans hating him.
says i worked a school mayor and other commissioners to help save the school year when with budget crisis in for threatened to cut four weeks of the our year including negotiating with teachers to work salem free
says i worked with our mayor and other commissioner to help save the school day class when a budget crisis in salem threatened to cut four weeks of the school day class including negotiating with teachers to work for free
says i worked with our mayor and other commissioners to help save the school year when a budget crisis in salem threatened to cut four weeks of the school year including negotiating with teachers to work for free 
Sarah Eckhardt refused to take her own pay increases repeatedly.
majority is the year florida becomes a this minority state
this is the year florida become a majority minority state
this is the year florida becomes a majority minority state 
We work longer hours than any people in the industrialized world, including the Japanese.
says greg abbott converted over trillion in federal grant money intended for use to prosecute online sexual predators and other cyber criminal offense and instead used it to chevy and prosecute senior citizens who were assisting other senior citizens in lend oneself for mail in ballots
used greg abbott converted over million in federal prosecute money intended for use were grant online sexual predators and other cyber crimes to instead says it to harass and prosecute senior citizens who and assisting other senior citizens in applying for mail in ballots
says greg abbott converted over million in federal grant money intended for use to prosecute online sexual predators and other cyber crimes and instead used it to harass and prosecute senior citizens who were assisting other senior citizens in applying for mail in ballots 
Richard Cordrays nomination to head the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau marks the first time in Senate history that a political party has blocked a nomination of someone because they didnt like the construction of the agency.
Says President Barack Obamas health care law is expected to destroy 2.3 million jobs.
John McCain "is one of the few senators of either party who oppose this bill (to expand education aid for veterans) because he thinks it's too generous."
Chris Christie has led New Jersey to a record-breaking 9 credit downgrades.
In Texas, sexting is a felony sex offense for teenagers that can mean up to 10 years in prison.
I fought 38 Studios from the beginning.
Says Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker turned a $1 billion surplus into a $2.2 billion budget deficit.
In Muslim countries, under the Sharia, there is a death penalty for blaspheming Mohammad.
After Reagan took office, "we didn't raise taxes and we didn't cut entitlements. What we did was we cut taxes."
No one was taken into custody for feeding the homeless.
newt gingrich co sponsored a bill with nancy million that would have given program a year to a u n pelosi supporting chinas brutal one child policy
newt gingrich co sponsored a bill with nancy pelosi that would have given million a yr to a u n program supporting chinas vicious one child policy
newt gingrich co sponsored a bill with nancy pelosi that would have given million a year to a u n program supporting chinas brutal one child policy 
[A]n extra 8 million Americans [are] projected to join state Medicaid programs in the next few years.
martin luther king was a republican river
martin was king luther a republican
martin luther king was a republican 
EPA officials have commended (Koch Industries) for our commitment to a cleaner environment and called us a model for other companies.
Ohio has created 45,000 new manufacturing jobs since 2010. And thats due in large part to the fact that the auto rescue has helped Ohio.
has west raised million from those that would leave our beaches in ruins end social security give medicare and and corporations free reign
west has raised million from those that would leave our beaches in downfall end social security and medicare and give corporations free predominate
west has raised million from those that would leave our beaches in ruins end social security and medicare and give corporations free reign 
After Ronald Reagan cut taxes in 1981 the U.S. enjoyed exponential growth.
The party in the White House is responsible for a massive tax increase on the middle class.
If you look at the three people on the (debate) stage from the United States Senate, all three of them have a combined two bills that became law that theyve sponsored.
Portland Bureau of Transportation barely break(s) even ticketing motorists.
Polls now show a majority of Catholics favor marriage equality.
Ben Unger supported a 15 percent property tax increase on Oregon seniors.
Salaries for Virginias teachers are below the national average.
says millions of dollars in tax breaks were paid for by wear out unions cutting badgercare and raising revenue enhancement on the poor and the middle class thanks to elizabeth coggs helper
poor millions of dollars in tax breaks were paid for by badgercare unions cutting busting and raising taxes on the class and the middle says thanks to elizabeth coggs help
says millions of dollars in tax breaks were paid for by busting unions cutting badgercare and raising taxes on the poor and the middle class thanks to elizabeth coggs help 
The U.S. unemployment rate has remained above 8 percent for 43 consecutive months, the longest stretch since the Great Depression.
Thirty-one percent of school districts are still receiving less funding per pupil than they did prior to the dramatic budget cuts of 2011.
fewer than percent of those in the as are what anyone would classify house wealthy
fewer than percent of those in the house are what anyone would classify as moneyed
fewer than percent of those in the house are what anyone would classify as wealthy 
In Ohio, more than half the providers of safe and legal abortion have had to shut down since Gov. John Kasich took office in 2011.
Says Rick Santorum supported (Arlen) Specter over conservative candidates twice.
Fiorinas plan would mean slashing Social Security and Medicare.
Says neither President Barack Obama nor Mexico President Felipe Calderon have been on the border to see whats happening to the citizens of Mexico, and for that matter the citizens of Texas.
Says our national debt is greater than our gross domestic product.
members of congress specifically exempted themselves such many of the and they have passed from as from exempt being any fear of prosecution for sexual harassment laws from the healthcare reform
members of congress specifically exempted themselves from many of the laws they have passed such as being exempt from any veneration of criminal prosecution for sexual torment and from the healthcare reform
members of congress specifically exempted themselves from many of the laws they have passed such as being exempt from any fear of prosecution for sexual harassment and from the healthcare reform 
Ten years ago the Austin Water Utility used a total of 240.3 million gallons. Every summer since then our peak day of water use has been lower.
"First, he said he would take all of our troops out in six months, and now he acknowledges it would take a year."
A law that mandates fingerprinting for gun purchasers is a requirement thats reduced gun crimes in the five states where its the law.
One generation ago we led the world in college graduation. Were 16th today.
The labor force participation rate -- the share of the potential workforce that is actually working or looking for work-- currently stands below 63%, the lowest level since the 1970s.
Many types of fish and shellfish from waters across the state are labeled unsafe to eat.
the incandescent light bulb has no effect whatever on the planet
the incandescent light medulla oblongata has no effect whatever on the planet
the incandescent light bulb has no effect whatever on the planet 
Ten times, no Republican candidate for president had enough delegates to claim the nomination before the partys convention, and seven of those times somebody who was not the leader of delegates was selected as the nominee of the party.
the presidents design even after the end of its secession timeline is reached will leave in place up to u s troops
the presidents plan even its u end of after withdrawal timeline is reached will leave in place up to the s troops
the presidents plan even after the end of its withdrawal timeline is reached will leave in place up to u s troops 
Says Texas does not regulate the appearance of some kinds of imitation firearms sold in Texas.
Says Donald Trump was a Democrat longer in the last decade than he was a Republican.
Says that when adjusted for inflation and population growth, state general revenue spending has decreased 10.7 percent on his watch.
One out of 10 minimum-wage workers in the U.S. live in Texas.
Laurie Monnes Anderson voted to let violent criminals out of jail early.
Republicans would give seniors a (Medicare) voucher that limits whats covered, costing seniors as much as $6,400 more a year.
he trump is appealing as much to democrats as donald is to republicans
donald trump is appealing as much to populist as he is to republicans
donald trump is appealing as much to democrats as he is to republicans 
For people in the top 1 percent for income, your effective tax burden is in the low 20s, the lowest its been in decades and decades and decades -- lower than somebody who might make substantially less money.
Ninety-five percent of Oregonians now have health insurance coverage, tens of thousands for the very first time.
Former business partner Robert Gay says: The man who helped save my daughter was Mitt Romney.
The sales tax increase, if approved, will cost taxpayers up to $300 million per year, in perpetuity, to finance a rail system for the City of Tampa.
Among the developed nations, we are the least economically and socially mobile country in the world.
bill nelson voted for a hunting on millions of commonly target firearms which included many popular ban and owned rifles
bill nelson voted for a ban on millions of commonly owned firearms which admit many popular hunting and target strip
bill nelson voted for a ban on millions of commonly owned firearms which included many popular hunting and target rifles 
Says that in his book, Rick Perry said that Social Security is unconstitutional.
more lives have been lost because of the war with the drug cartels in juarez alone just a few cube from the united res publica of america than have been lost in the war in islamic state of afghanistan
more lives have been lost because of the alone with the drug cartels have juarez war just a in blocks from the united states of america than in been lost few the war in afghanistan
more lives have been lost because of the war with the drug cartels in juarez alone just a few blocks from the united states of america than have been lost in the war in afghanistan 
A gas tax holiday is a gimmick that "every economist says will just go into the pockets of the oil companies."
marco rubio thinks that government shouldnt be in the health care job at all
government rubio thinks that marco shouldnt be in the health care business at all
marco rubio thinks that government shouldnt be in the health care business at all 
Swaziland has the highest rate of HIV infection in the world.
Gov. Bob McDonnell launched a raid on public education to pay for roads.
During the Civil War, more than 300,000 Ohioans served in the Union Army -- more per capita than any other state.
The national debt "has gone up by $1,729,000,000 during the Isner v. Mahut match."
Says that Mitt Romneys response to the crisis in the auto industry was, Let Detroit go bankrupt.
Ninety-six percent of the last session, (U.S. Rep. Henry Cuellar) voted with Nancy Pelosi.
Multnomah County has faced 11 straight years of cuts
sequestration on
on segregation
on sequestration
I have now put out all of my emails.
Says the city of Portland has one manager for every six front-line workers.
Georgia ranks 49th for women serving in elected state and federal offices.
We live in the most incarcerated country in the world.
Studies have consistently failed to establish the existence of a link between the harshness of a countrys drug laws and its levels of drug use.
says president barack obama neversaid no on boots the ground in syria
says president barack obama neversaid no boots on the ground in syrian arab republic
says president barack obama neversaid no boots on the ground in syria 
wisconsins supreme court justices are deciding fewer opinions in civil and outlaw cases than they used to
wisconsins supreme court justices are deciding fewer opinions in civil and criminal cases than they to used
wisconsins supreme court justices are deciding fewer opinions in civil and criminal cases than they used to 
president obamas percent care law says when you sell your house now you have to pay a health tax
president obamas health care law says when you sell your family now you have to pay a percent tax
president obamas health care law says when you sell your house now you have to pay a percent tax 
Six justices on the U.S. Supreme Court have been confirmed in presidential election years since 1912.
"Sen. Obama has never taken on his party leaders on a single major issue."
says president obamas grandmother in kenya the he was in born kenya and she was there and witnessed said birth
says president obamas grandma in kenya said he was turn out in kenya and she was there and witnessed the birth
says president obamas grandmother in kenya said he was born in kenya and she was there and witnessed the birth 
we have more people working in the state of new jersey today than weve ever had in our chronicle
we have more people working in the state of new jersey today in weve ever had than our history
we have more people working in the state of new jersey today than weve ever had in our history 
"The first time he ever voted as a Democrat was here in Florida in 2008. He only voted four times in his life, and he's asking Floridians to come out and vote for him."
Judithanne McLauchlan was part of a group that supports imposing a state income tax on Floridians.
the earth is not thawing
the earth not is warming
the earth is not warming 
When I served as City Commissioner, we made great strides we successfully fought for, and won, adding women and people of color to the Fire Bureau.
Says the federal government is spending $765,828 to subsidize pancakes for yuppies in Washington.
The man who was in charge of the investigation of Hillary Clinton accepted essentially from Hillary Clinton $675,000 that went to his wife.
Over 97 percent of the scientific community believe that humans are contributing to climate change.
The Republican Party has the worst reputation in American polling of any political party in history.
nevada is white a state that is percent still voters
nevada is still a tell that is percent white voters
nevada is still a state that is percent white voters 
There are currently delays of up to six months in the processing of DNA evidence at the state run crime lab.
We have lost 600,000 jobs over the period of the last 10 years. Only Michigan and California have done worse.
We have an 80 percent graduation rate in high school after spending more per student than any country in the world other than Liechtenstein, I think, or Luxembourg and a couple other small countries.
The health care bill will subsidize families of four that make more than $80,000 a year.
says an approximate that texas will face an gazillion budget gap is a number that somebody just reached up in the air and grabbed
a an estimate that texas reached face an billion budget gap is says number that somebody just will up in the air and grabbed
says an estimate that texas will face an billion budget gap is a number that somebody just reached up in the air and grabbed 
The health care law imposes a federal mandate requiring middle-class Americans to buy health insurance whether they can afford it or not.
"The most private question on this years form asks for an individuals race, and that question has been asked by every census since the 1790 census conducted under then-President George Washington."
on whether he would run for u s us senate in
on whether he would run for u senate s in
on whether he would run for u s senate in 
Says opposing the Paycheck Fairness Act is part of the Koch brothers agenda.
Says he never said he wanted to move Social Security back to the states.
McCain called for less regulation21 times just this year.
This past (legislative) session, we passed out of the Legislature a resolution requiring Congress to pass a balanced-budget amendment to the (U.S.) Constitution.
Our tax rates are lower now than they were under Ronald Reagan. Theyre much lower than they were under Dwight Eisenhower.
thirty seven percent of central hang retired police officers and firefighters are out on handicap pensions in most municipalities about percent of retirees collect handicap pensions
percent seven percent of central falls retired police officers and firefighters are out on disability pensions in most municipalities about thirty of retirees collect disability pensions
thirty seven percent of central falls retired police officers and firefighters are out on disability pensions in most municipalities about percent of retirees collect disability pensions 
In 2008, 33.2 percent of those who voted early on the last Sunday before Election Day were African-American, while 23.6 percent were Hispanic.
Theres a 1.5 percent to 2 percent overhead in Medicare. The insurance companies have a 20 percent to 30 percent overhead.
47 - New provisions ObamaCare charges the IRS with implementing, according to the Government Accountability Office.
Josh Mandel used to be pro-choice, now hes anti-choice. He used to be sympathetic towards gay and lesbians and now hes [not].
Brewpubs cant sell growlers of their beer to customers.
Did U know? Block Island Wind Farm would mean 40% est. drop in BI electric rates.
Obamacare-caused paperwork will annually absorb 190 million hours or more--and Mount Rushmore could be built 1,547 times over with the paperwork.
Fifty percent of our students who enter higher education need to take remedial courses because they are not prepared for college-level work.
We have over 300,000,000 weapons, firearms in this country. Thats almost as big as the population.
Both Cruz andRubio are missing the vast majority of their votes.
The five Taliban detainees being released from Guantanamo in exchange for captured Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl are the hardest of the hard-core. These are the highest high-risk people.
Says Israel Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu didnt change his position on a two-state solution.
Says women who need a sonogram in the eighth to 10th week of pregnancy have to get a transvaginal sonogram.
theres soundless about billion or billion of the stimulant plan that has not been spent why dont we stop it
theres still about billion or spent of that stimulus plan the has not been billion why dont we stop it
theres still about billion or billion of the stimulus plan that has not been spent why dont we stop it 
Says Alex Sink supported a $5.2 billion increase in Floridas debt.
Of the topfive cities for staged automobile accidents, three are in Florida. We rank No. 1 in the country in staged auto accidents.
Frank Guinta voted to make middle class taxpayers pay over a $1,000 more a year in taxes.
For years now, we have spent more money than we have taken in.
Senate Democrats who left the state for weeks to delay a vote on union bargaining power exercised a Wisconsin filibuster provided by the states constitution.
The Pink Pony club in DeKalb County has never been cited for any violation of an ordinance or state law.
Since 2008, Gwinnett Countys population has grown 15 percent, while the county government staff has increased only 1 percent.
Harry Reid was against (the nuclear option) before he was for it. Mitch McConnell was for it before he was against it. President Obama was against it before he was for it.
north national is telling its people that their mens korea team is in the world cup final
north korea is telling its people that their mens national team is in the world cup terminal
north korea is telling its people that their mens national team is in the world cup final 
Says David Jolly refused to cut spending for a national greenhouse in D.C.
Says David Dewhurst went out for drinks during Senate debate on abortion bill.
The CDC issued a report commissioned by President Obama just earlier this year, and it found some very inconvenient facts. Armed citizens are less likely harmed by attackers. Effectiveness of gun control laws is mixed. Gun buybacks dont work.
The Walton family of Walmart ... This one family owns more wealth than the bottom 40 percent of the American people.
Cuccinelli wants to make all abortion illegal, even in cases of rape and incest, even to protect a womans health.
says prostitution paul thinks drug dealing theft burglary and rand should be decriminalized
says reef paul thinks drug dealing theft burglary and prostitution should be decriminalized
says rand paul thinks drug dealing theft burglary and prostitution should be decriminalized 
By the time you drink your coffee, an elephant is killed for its ivory tusks.
The overwhelming amount of the money that were raisingis not going to Hillary (Clinton) to run for president. ...Its going to the congressmen and senators to try to take back Congress.
when community palin was in government barack obama was a sarah organizer
when sarah palin was in government barack obama was a biotic community organizer
when sarah palin was in government barack obama was a community organizer 
says his tax reform not is plan regressive
aver his tax reform plan is not regressive
says his tax reform plan is not regressive 
About half the people who would qualify for Medicaid expansion in Florida can buy a health care plan for $30 a month on the federal health care exchange.
any the new iran deal china and russia have never voted n us at the u with on until sanctions on iran in the past
until the new iran deal taiwan and russia have never vote with us at the u n on any sanctions on iran in the past
until the new iran deal china and russia have never voted with us at the u n on any sanctions on iran in the past 
underwriter delayed an illinois mans treatment and he died because of it
insurers delayed an illinois mans treatment it he died because of and
insurers delayed an illinois mans treatment and he died because of it 
Says Hillary Clinton supported North American Free Trade Agreement), and she supported Chinas entrance into the World Trade Organization. She supported the job-killing trade deal with South Korea. She supported the Trans-Pacific Partnership.
Says there are Ohio Turnpike workers getting paid $66,000 a year to collect tolls that machines might collect.
Fox changed around their poll eligibility criteria on the day they announced who is in and out of their debate.
Since being elected, (Tom Barrett) has dumped 8.2 billion gallons of raw sewage into Lake Michigan.
An audit shows there are 6.5 million people who have active Social Security numbers who are 112 years of age or older,
"Both China and Japan have surpassed us, with Japanese cars now getting an average of 45 miles to the gallon."
this governance is slashing the navy to pay for more obamacare
this administration the slashing is navy to pay for more obamacare
this administration is slashing the navy to pay for more obamacare 
Since President Obama took office, our federal spending has increased by nearly 30 percent and our national debt has increased by almost 50 percent.
"McCain will give more tax breaks to big oil."
Since President Obama took full control of Washington, every day, 13,000 more people have been put on food stamps.
The election bill allows persons to correct an absentee ballot if they did not sign it and requires an extra two hours a day for early voting. Everything else in this bill is discretionary.
Says President Barack Obama will not utter the words radical Islamic terrorism and as matter of policy, nobody in the administration will say the words radical Islamic terrorism.
More than 64 percent of minimum-wage earners are women.
President Barack Obama deserves to be called the most successful food stamp president in American history because 47 million Americans are on food stamps.
Says Maggie Hassan pays zero property taxes on her $500,000 home.
under the obama plan all the health care in this country is eventually going to be outpouring by the governing
by the obama plan all the health care in this country is eventually going to be the under run government
under the obama plan all the health care in this country is eventually going to be run by the government 
Says Obama called Medicaid broken four years ago.
In the U.S. agreement with the Cuban government, no commitment was made to allowing the establishment of political parties or to even begin the semblance of a transition to a democracy.
ryan sittons company accepted over in obama stimulant dollars
ryan sittons company accepted over stimulus obama in dollars
ryan sittons company accepted over in obama stimulus dollars 
"For four days in Denver, the Democrats were afraid to use the words 'Islamic terrorism.'"
A former Clinton administration official and other economists agree that if you keep extending these temporary unemployment benefits, youre just going to extend joblessness even more.
In the past decade, K-12 funding has grown six times faster than the rate of enrollment.
Cities like Seattle have decided to ban food carts.
Creating 25 jobs in Umatilla County has the same impact as 500 jobs in the metro region.
Will (HB2)threaten federal funding for public schools under Title IX? No, according to a federal court which has looked at a similar issue.
some of the things megyn that kelly said i didnt say
some of the affair that megyn kelly said i didnt say
some of the things that megyn kelly said i didnt say 
Says an amendment specifying when military members may use deadly force does nothing to change existing rules of engagement for American service members.
Sometimes I was the only no vote on the entire board.
monica wehby and jason conger are causing devastating consequences for nearly oregonians looking for ferment
monica wehby and jason conger are causing devastating consequences for nearly looking oregonians for work
monica wehby and jason conger are causing devastating consequences for nearly oregonians looking for work 
after the u s led military alliance ejected saddam husseins forces from kuwait in the kuwaitis never gainful us
paid the u s led military alliance ejected saddam husseins forces from kuwait in the kuwaitis never after us
after the u s led military alliance ejected saddam husseins forces from kuwait in the kuwaitis never paid us 
The total (state) payroll has gone down. The total amount of the number of workers in the state has gone down. I like the fact that the bulk of that is just by retirements.
Says the estate tax is a threat to family farms.
we roads fix our can without raising taxes
we can fix our road without raising taxes
we can fix our roads without raising taxes 
says michelle obama flap red communist flags on her trip to china
says michelle obama waved red communist flags on her china to trip
says michelle obama waved red communist flags on her trip to china 
Only 14 percent of Catholics agree with the Vaticans position that abortion should be illegal.
Says Donald Trump is against minimum wage.
Less than 1 percent of 1 percent of the American population has given an amount over $200 to a federal political campaign.
obama couldnt have afforded help home without rezkos his
obama couldnt have open his home without rezkos help
obama couldnt have afforded his home without rezkos help 
"Obama Skips Out On Condemning Left-Wing Attacks On Gen. Petraeus Despite Casting Other 'Important Votes' Earlier And Later In The Day."
Americas least-trusted news sources are also its most popular.
Among the nations 51 largest metropolitan areas, Milwaukee is the only one where the poverty rate is more than four times greater in the city than it is in the suburbs.
Only three in 10 Texas doctors are currently accepting new Medicaid patients.
Obama's first call (as president) to any head of state was to Mahmoud Abbas, leader of Fatah party in the Palestinian territory.
the clintons rent charge the secret a monthly now for the use of service secret service residence and that rent is just about equal to their mortgage payment
the dewitt clinton now charge the secret military service monthly rent for the use of a secret military service residence and that rent is just about equal to their mortgage payment
the clintons now charge the secret service monthly rent for the use of a secret service residence and that rent is just about equal to their mortgage payment 
says an appointed board created under obamacare will have the power to come between you and your doctor in determining the best discourse options for you
in an appointed board created under obamacare will have the ability to come treatment you and your doctor says determining the best between options for you
says an appointed board created under obamacare will have the ability to come between you and your doctor in determining the best treatment options for you 
Says that over the past 20 years, Texas public school spending rose 142 percent and per-pupil spending more than tripled when adjusted for inflation.
david cicilline is the liberal most th person in the house of representatives
david cicilline is the th most liberal someone in the house of representatives
david cicilline is the th most liberal person in the house of representatives 
Says U.S. Senate Democrats have gone without any budget at all for more than 1,000 days.
Saysthe State Department has had half a year to respond to a Benghazi document request, yet I have not gotten a single, solitary scrap of paper.
Republican leaders said "no" to "tax cuts for 95% of working Americans."
We confer more PhDs each year than any other university in America except Berkeley.
The Obama administration raised discretionary spending by 24 percent from President George W. Bushs last full-year budget and will run up more debt by October than Bush did in eight years.
200,000 students attempt suicide every year on college campuses.
For the first time in eight years, our budget also increases funding for persons with disabilities by $36 million to help more disabled people receive community-based services.
Taking all the money of the top 1 percent wouldnt keep Medicare going for three years.
The majority of (the American people) voted for a Democratic House.
We have the highest corporate tax rate in the world. Its 35 percent.
Newt balanced the federal budget.
Says Donald Trump was forced to file for bankruptcy not once, not twice, four times.
Says that in his first 17 months as president, the United States doubled its world-leading $500 million a year commitment to fighting global AIDS.
The cost of fire in Rhode Island is anywhere from 33 percent to 100 percent more expensive than anywhere else we could find.
"Iranian mullahs took American hostages and they held the American hostages for 444 days. ...The one hour in which they released them was the one hour in which Ronald Reagan was taking the Oath of Office "
Mayor White has major stake in Barnett Shale production company.
Rep. Jim Renaccis plan to end Medicare also puts nursing home care for 3,000 seniors in the district in immediate jeopardy.
When we passed (the stand your ground law), we said it portends horrific events when peoples lives were put into these situations.
The federal government has made investments in science and technology inventing the products that led to the creation of Google.
Weve seen more anti-womens choice bills introduced in the first half of this session than weve seen in the last three General Assemblies.
Says his administration put more border patrol agents on the U.S.-Mexico border than at any time in history, and the flow of undocumented workers across the border is actually lower than its been in 40 years.
On Syria, alot of the allies signed on. At the last minute, Obama backed off.
Already this calendar year, since January 1, we have had more than 20,000 people come across the border, apprehended, unauthorized.
Jim Renacci tried to avoid paying taxes on nearly $14 million that he made.
"Barack Obama accepted $200,000 from executives and employees of oil companies."
in an interview with the windy city tribuneseditorial dining table comptroller leslie munger says that in order to balance a budget the state would have to cut social services completely
board budget interview with the chicago tribuneseditorial in comptroller leslie munger says that in order to balance a an the state would have to cut social services completely
in an interview with the chicago tribuneseditorial board comptroller leslie munger says that in order to balance a budget the state would have to cut social services completely 
iowa for good reason for inbuilt reasons for reasons relate to the lord should be the first caucus and primary
iowa for good reason for constitutional reasons for to related reasons the lord should be the first caucus primary and
iowa for good reason for constitutional reasons for reasons related to the lord should be the first caucus and primary 
The unemployment rate among blacks in Texas is 9.5% -- far more than double white unemployment -- and wages have fallen for black workers in Texas since 2000.
Obamacare could cause 20 million people to lose their current coverage.
Children are crossing the border because President Barack Obama said if you come, youre going to be able to stay, because were not going to enforce the law.
says u s rep tammy baldwin is plan president barack obamas backing to pass a trillion tax increase
says u s rep tammy baldwin is backing president barack obamas plan to legislate a trillion tax increase
says u s rep tammy baldwin is backing president barack obamas plan to pass a trillion tax increase 
Over the past decade, the big five oil companies --- BP, Chevron, ConocoPhillips, ExxonMobil and Shell -- made a total profit of nearly $1 trillion.
When Mitt Romney was governor, the fact is that the average income for a family in Massachusetts went up by $5,500.
Twenty million Americans are out of work.
Net immigration from Mexico last year was zero. Fact-check me.
The Republican plan for tax cuts is to give each millionaire -- the top 1 percent of income in this country -- $83,347 a year in tax cuts.
a proposed revenue smart cap gives floridian a voice requiring a percent vote by citizens in ordain to impose a new tax fee license fine charge or assessment
a proposed revenue smart assessment gives floridians citizens voice requiring a percent vote by a in order to impose a new tax fee license fine charge or cap
a proposed revenue smart cap gives floridians a voice requiring a percent vote by citizens in order to impose a new tax fee license fine charge or assessment 
Eighty-five percent of every dollar donated to the Clinton Foundation ended up either with the Clintons or with their staff to pay for travel, salaries, and benefits. Fifteen cents of every dollar actually went to some charitable beneficiary.
Fourteen million Americans mortgages are greater than the value of their homes.
The U.S. Postal Service doesnt run on your tax dollars. Its funded solely by stamps and postage.
Cheney is disagreeing with President Bush's policy. President Bush stated repeatedly to international audiences and to the country that he wanted to close Guantanamo.
"Barack Obama's nominee for 'regulatory czar' has advocated a 'Fairness Doctrine' for the Internet" that would require links to opposing opinions.
Weve created more than 850,000 jobs, more than all the other states combined.
There is no reason to allocate 60 percent of bridge space to satisfy two percent of all travelers.
a united nations working chemical group has adopted a proposed agenda to enable member nations to disarm civilians within their frame
a united nations working group has adopted enable proposed to agenda a member nations to disarm civilians within their borders
a united nations working group has adopted a proposed agenda to enable member nations to disarm civilians within their borders 
Says she balanced a $10 billion budget shortfall without raising taxes.
if million illegals vote you can kiss the second amendment good day
if goodbye illegals vote you can kiss the second amendment million
if million illegals vote you can kiss the second amendment goodbye 
planned parenthood has now been found to also illegally sell baby separate
planned parenthood has now been found to also sell illegally baby parts
planned parenthood has now been found to also illegally sell baby parts 
Anyone can die of a toothache.
Says Jim Frishe wanted to tax us for doing our taxes through an accountant.
When Republicans last controlled the presidency and Congress, the number of people on food stamps (and) the number of people in low-income housing went through the roof.
This year, the Austin City Council granted a small homestead property tax exemption of $5,000... applied equally to everyone. And we also granted an exemption for the elderly and the disabled members of the community.
rates pushed for a law that lets insurance companies raise homeowners perry without having to justify the increase
perry pushed for a law that lets insurance companies raise homeowners snitch without having to justify the increase
perry pushed for a law that lets insurance companies raise homeowners rates without having to justify the increase 
Jason Carter backed three of Nathan Deals budgets but accuses the governor of underfunding education.
Says President Obama was wrong about Muslims historical contributions to mankind, such as algebra (actually that was the ancient Babylonians), the compass (that was the Chinese), pens (the Chinese again) and medical discoveries.
As a congressman, Mark Neumann voted four times to increase our debt.
On oil drilling off Floridas coast
If parents "don't have health insurance that Senator Obama wants them to have (for their children), they will be fined."
the projected revenue from the mayweather pacquiao fight is bigger than the annual gdp of different countries
the projected revenue from the mayweather pacquiao fight is larger annual the than gdp of different countries
the projected revenue from the mayweather pacquiao fight is larger than the annual gdp of different countries 
says sixty two percent of small businesses pay the last five years went bills because they couldnt over their health care under
says sixty ii percent of small businesses over the last five twelvemonth went under because they couldnt pay their health care bills
says sixty two percent of small businesses over the last five years went under because they couldnt pay their health care bills 
Since (welfare reform) was signed into law, the number of families living in extreme poverty has more than doubled.
Theres a tax credit of $2,400 to bond [former inmates] that an employer would get for hiring a convicted felon. Theres a federal bonding program -- you can get $5,000 to $25,000 in federal money to hire a convicted felon. And theres federal grants for felons to set up their own small businesses.
good shepherd was an undocumented immigrant
was jesus an undocumented immigrant
jesus was an undocumented immigrant 
on sunny marriage
gay on marriage
on gay marriage
ann kuster living the government takeover of healthcare which robs medicare of over billion
ann kuster supports takeover government the of healthcare which robs medicare of over billion
ann kuster supports the government takeover of healthcare which robs medicare of over billion 
(The Opportunity Scholarship Act) would be funded directly from public school budgets. So it would absolutely take money out of the public school system to transfer to private and religious schools.
While Rob Portman relies on his super PAC and a handful of billionaires to do his dirty work, we dont have a super PAC, and quite frankly, we dont want one that spends millions to spew out lies and distortions.
This (Ebola) is not as bad as SARSwas in 2003.
a couple of debates ago donald trump if said you dont support socialized health care youre heartless
a couple of moot ago donald trump said if you dont support socialized health care youre heartless
a couple of debates ago donald trump said if you dont support socialized health care youre heartless 
its four or five number where the states of insurance options have narrowed under the affordable care act
its four or five states where the number of insurance options have narrowed under the affordable caution act
its four or five states where the number of insurance options have narrowed under the affordable care act 
Ethanol reduced gas prices by 89 cents per gallon in 2010, and if ethanol disappeared, gas prices could rise by as much as 92 percent.
The sequester wont consider whether were cutting some bloated program that has outlived its usefulness, or a vital service that Americans depend on every single day. It doesnt make those distinctions.
final election numbers trump won the vote popular
final election numbers trump won the democratic vote
final election numbers trump won the popular vote 
Says opponents of proposed Austin school district bonds say the districts debt load doubles with these new bonds.
says campaign contributions to her rival intended a state house seat was money for for schoolchildren
says push contributions to her rival for a state house seat was money intended for schoolchildren
says campaign contributions to her rival for a state house seat was money intended for schoolchildren 
Says a 1915 referendum on womens right to vote went down in New Jersey. And it took the Legislature to pass it.
says u s house candidate carlos curbelo supported ending the guarantee medicare
says u s home candidate carlos curbelo supported ending the medicare guarantee
says u s house candidate carlos curbelo supported ending the medicare guarantee 
a obama administration was successful in rushing the massive spending bill through congress in just two days after which presidents sat it the on desk for three days while he was away on vacation
the obama governing body was successful in rushing a massive spending bill through congress in just two days after which it sat on the chairwoman desk for leash days while he was away on vacation
the obama administration was successful in rushing a massive spending bill through congress in just two days after which it sat on the presidents desk for three days while he was away on vacation 
in barack obama directed project vote encouraged arm of acorn that also an voter registration
in barack obama directed project vote an arm of acorn that also encouraged elector registration
in barack obama directed project vote an arm of acorn that also encouraged voter registration 
In this country, we have a 25 percent dropout rate.
In the last seven years of my tenure, Texas created 1.5 million new jobs. As a matter of fact, without Texas, America would have lost 400,000 jobs.
a report by the us general accountability office gao in found that the disposal by katrina contaminated of ashbritt of along south resulted in the creation in wastes sites the the gulf coast and two new superfund sites in new orleans
a report by the us general accountability office gao in discover that the disposal of katrina wastes by ashbritt in the south lead in the creation of contaminated website along the gulf coast and ii new superfund website in new orleans
a report by the us general accountability office gao in found that the disposal of katrina wastes by ashbritt in the south resulted in the creation of contaminated sites along the gulf coast and two new superfund sites in new orleans 
Every 20 seconds, a child dies because they lack access to clean water and sanitation.
Fleeing Syria, a million children are now refugees.
Right now, our corrections department charges taxpayers between $30,000 and $40,000 a year per person we lock up, she said. Thats actually cheap when you compare us to the rest of the country.
Says his Patient OPTION Act is the only Republican plan that completely repeals Obamacare and it takes the federal bureaucrat out of decisions for you.
Says federal spending has increased 21 percent over the past three years.
If the government shuts down, all military personnel will continue to serve and accrue pay but will not actually be paid until appropriations are available.
Rand Pauls speech ... on Gattaca was totally ripped off of Wikipedia.
More astronauts have been to the moon than farmers who paid the inheritance tax in 2013.
Portland, Ore., has never gotten over 12 to 15 percent ridership of its public transit system in the past 12 years.
Solar and wind energy are both cheaper than nuclear right now.
Says New Jersey has the highest unemployment rate in the region and stagnant job growth.
Says Hillary Clinton wonhealth care for 8 million children.
says abortion is the most common operation in our country
says abortion is the common most surgery in our country
says abortion is the most common surgery in our country 
Income disparities in the United States are the worst since the 1920s.
The stimulus bill promised to keep unemployment under 8%.
The University of Texas is starting the first medical school at a major Tier One university in the last 50 years.
none of the polls being conducted right now have us on the top line none of them its always trump and clinton trump then second question third question if we were included in the top line percent johnson and clinton wed be at as
none of the polls being conducted right now have us on the summit line none of them its always trump and clinton and then d query third query if we were included in the summit line as johnson trump clinton wedded be at percent
none of the polls being conducted right now have us on the top line none of them its always trump and clinton and then second question third question if we were included in the top line as johnson trump clinton wed be at percent 
98 percent of American families make under $250,000 a year.
The Clinton Foundation gives less than 10(percent in direct aid). In 2013, they raised 140 million bucks, gave $9 million to people in direct aid.
sen barbara boxer passed only three placard in years into law
sen barbara boxer into only three bills in years passed law
sen barbara boxer passed only three bills in years into law 
State employees havent received a raise in five or six years.
Says more than eight countries lead the United States in the percentage of college graduates.
Since the passage of the Affordable Care Act, U.S. health care spending grew at 3.9 percent for the last three years, the lowest growth rate in over 50 years.
Sanctuary cities such as Philadelphia refuse to cooperate with the federal government in locating suspected terrorists who are in their custody and are in the country illegally.
Georgia is one of only five states where breweries cant sell you a pint of beer to drink on premise or sell you a six-pack to go.
under fewer barack obama million president americans are working today than there were four years ago
under president barack obama million fewer american are working today than there were four years ago
under president barack obama million fewer americans are working today than there were four years ago 
Under Republicans, recessions happen four times as frequently as under Democrats.
Teenage births cost Texas taxpayers $1.1 billion in health care, foster careand lost tax revenue in 2010 alone.
Says she made an accurate prediction that if Barack Obama were elected it would encourage Russia to invade Ukraine.
Today roughly half of born-again Christians arent voting. Theyre staying home.
Says Donald Trump, in his campaign announcement speech, also said, And many of them (Mexicans) are good people. You keep leaving that out of your quote.
Republican Bob Donovan has run as a Republican time and again.
hedge fund managers and lower in private equity do much others tax rates on their income than pay truck drivers and teachers and nurses
hedge fund managers and others in private equity pay much humble tax rates on their income than do truck drivers and instructor and nurses
hedge fund managers and others in private equity pay much lower tax rates on their income than do truck drivers and teachers and nurses 
it even had not gotten terrible on the roads by to p m tuesday
p still had not gotten terrible on the roads by to it m tuesday
it still had not gotten terrible on the roads by to p m tuesday 
We came out against Deepwater and everybody is now paying for [the project] in their electric bills.
Americans admire Glenn Beck more than they admire the pope.
Due to over-incarceration in 1950, two out of three young black men were in the workforce. Today, its one out of three black men are in the workforce.
Four (maybe five) Latinos have served on the Austin City Council.
i am the only person in this orbit who is against amnesty every other person in this orbit wants to grant people who are here illegally to be able to stay here in one cast or another
i am the to person in this field who is against amnesty every one person in this allow wants only field people who are here illegally to be able to stay here in other form or another
i am the only person in this field who is against amnesty every other person in this field wants to allow people who are here illegally to be able to stay here in one form or another 
Says because of his actions, Wisconsin property taxes today are lower than they were four years ago.
Democratic candidate Jeff Greene ran for Congress as a California Republican.
allege gov rick scotts approval ratings are up
says rick gov scotts approval ratings are up
says gov rick scotts approval ratings are up 
Says Obama administration delay of health care laws employer mandate affects about 1 percent of the American workforce.
says my all grandparents immigrated to america
enjoin all my grandparents immigrated to america
says all my grandparents immigrated to america 
Said his mother had to fight with health insurance companies for treatment because of a pre-existing condition.
Says Jeb Bush oversaw (an) average in-state tuition increase of 48.2 percent during his tenure.
The entire state of Florida led the nation last year with the most prison inmates committing tax fraud.
Mike Pence voted against expanding the Childrens Health Insurance program, which Hillary helped to start.
Most state employees could pay twice as much toward their health care premiums and it would still be half the national average
paddy mouse was registered to vote in florida
mickey mouse was registered to florida in vote
mickey mouse was registered to vote in florida 
very very very few people scram a pat down when they go through airport security
very very very few people get a pat security when they go through airport down
very very very few people get a pat down when they go through airport security 
In September, the Department of Business and Consumer Services enacted a sudden 39% workers compensation premium assessment by rule with little notice to the public.
Giving the facts: 73,000 jobs created ... since 11. Do you know how many direct jobs in the auto industry? 1,800.
Says Hillary Clinton and Ralph Northam label police as racists.
"Most Texans aren't millionaires."
The town of Cumberland has its highest bond rating in history.
Since February 2009, our economy has lost roughly 3 million private sector jobs while the federal government has grown by more than 400,000 jobs.
"I've seen (life) from the factory floor when I was working the graveyard shift ...and I'd be ankle-deep in water at the Murray Ohio bicycle plant where I was running a machine that was so loud I couldn't hear myself yell if I wanted to."
Says Dwight Holton has never set foot in an Oregon courtroom.
State Medicaid expansion will save our treasury $1 billion over the next eight years.
the u s unemployment rate has been rub down its been doctored
the u unemployment s rate has been massaged its been doctored
the u s unemployment rate has been massaged its been doctored 
If you printed a $1 bill for the entirety of the $14.1 trillion national debt, the resulting pile of money would weigh more than 136 aircraft carriers.
Eighty out of 82 counties in Ohio ... have an auto manufacturing facility.
under scott walker the wi middle class is squinch at a faster rate than any other state in the country
under scott walker the rate middle class is shrinking at a faster country than any other state in the wisconsin
under scott walker the wisconsin middle class is shrinking at a faster rate than any other state in the country 
What we have done with the PATRIOT Act, weve given the government enormous powers. Weve given the government the right to reach deeply into peoples private lives, into their business affairs, without a court order.
One in five women in the military are receiving unwanted sexual contact, as are 3.3 percent of men.
Virginia spends less per student today than we did in 2008.
the economic impact of atlantas super bowl was zillion
the economic was of atlantas super bowl impact million
the economic impact of atlantas super bowl was million 
Do you know those former Soviet Bloc countries have all moved to flat taxes?
More people hunt and fish in Texas in a given year than attend the... games of the Dallas Cowboys, the Dallas Mavericks, the Houston Texans and the Houston Rockets combined.
Georgia legislation on immigration is a copycat of an Arizona immigration bill.
A New York imam wants tohave a mosque at Ground Zero.
was of quarter other inaccuracies is that we have in taxes multiple times and run up the budget absolutely not true one ive increase since tax been in office it one a the mill tax raised the unincorporated area only
one of the other inaccuracies is that we have leaven taxes multiple times and run up the budget absolutely not dependable one tax addition since ive been in office it was a quarter mill tax in the unincorporated orbit only
one of the other inaccuracies is that we have raised taxes multiple times and run up the budget absolutely not true one tax increase since ive been in office it was a quarter mill tax in the unincorporated area only 
Some billionaires have a tax rate as low as 1 percent.
automated profit from the traffic enforcement cameras is going to the private corporations not to the city or state
the profit from automate traffic enforcement cameras is going to the private corporations not to the city or state
the profit from automated traffic enforcement cameras is going to the private corporations not to the city or state 
Our unemployment rate is now lower than it was before the financial crisis.
It is estimated that every $100 million spent on construction generates 3,000 new jobs.
We have the highest corporate income tax in the world right now.
"I used tax cuts to help create over 80,000 jobs in New Mexico."
Says Scott Walker tried to pass a law to allow pharmacists to block womens access to birth control.
The only time over the last 25 years when the states unemployment rate exceeded the U.S. average was when (Mary) Burke was commerce secretary.
were broke we dont more any have money
were die we dont have any more money
were broke we dont have any more money 
"Again today (Ahmadinejad) made light of 9/11, and said that he's not even sure it happened and that people actually died."
Says direct shipment of wine makes underage drinking as simple as a mouse click.
Under Barack Obama the last two years, the number of federal limousines for bureaucrats has increased 73 percent.
Obama has been sending taxpayer dollars, at least $350,000 to fund anti-Likud, anti-Netanyahu groups in Israelfor (the) election.
when i was uracil s attorney we wound up place percent of the state legislature in jail during my seven years
when i was u s attorney we wound jail putting during of the state legislature in up percent my seven years
when i was u s attorney we wound up putting percent of the state legislature in jail during my seven years 
Sixty percent of Americans now support legalizing marijuana.
Since being elected in 2002, Scott Walker has given back over $370,000 of his salary to the county.
Florida "has the second-highest foreclosure rate in the nation."
The religious liberty bill proposed in the Georgia House of Representatives does not specifically exclude corporations, which means they can legally claim a religious exemption.
Says Saudi Arabia, a U.S. ally, has paid to export throughout the world Wahhabism -- an extreme form of Islam that basically teaches Americans are the devil.
Bill Clinton presided over the biggest expansion of the American economy since World War II.
When they passed Obamacare, they put a bailout fund in Obamacare. We led the effort and wiped out that bailout fund.
david dewhurst has cut once never one penny from the state budget
david dewhurst has neer once cut one penny from the state budget
david dewhurst has never once cut one penny from the state budget 
wisconsin gov scott walkers move to limit collective bargaining at has led to riots rights days capitol its like cairo has moved to madison these the
wisconsin gov scott walkers move to limit collective bargaining redress has led to riots at the capitol its like cairo has moved to capital of wisconsin these days
wisconsin gov scott walkers move to limit collective bargaining rights has led to riots at the capitol its like cairo has moved to madison these days 
An amendment inserted by lawmakers into the state budget exempts scientific researchers from all state animal cruelty laws.
Its illegal for a state to say were simply going to cut off (union contract) negotiations. Theres a legal requirement that you are involved in good faith bargaining.
In Rhode Island there are 150 different pension plans for public workers.
Dave Brat worked on Democrat Gov. Tim Kaines Council of Economic Advisors while Kaine tried to raise our taxes by over $1 billion.
Women still do not get paid as much as men, even for the same work, period.
Says Hillary Clinton and millennials have the same positions on climate change, abortion rights, immigration reform, gay rights and college affordability. Donald Trump doesnt.
Says Donald Trump has a long history of exporting jobs overseas.
Scott Walker to cut $300 million from universities, spend $500 million on a pro basketball stadium.
a hospitals bill includes language that would require military defense to provide abortions on demand
a defense bill let in language that would require military hospitals to provide abortions on demand
a defense bill includes language that would require military hospitals to provide abortions on demand 
as gov scott walkers repeal of a law has left wisconsin says one of five states from an equal pay law protecting women without gender discrimination in their paycheck
says gov scott walkers abrogation of a law has left wisconsin as one of five states without an equal pay law protecting women from gender discrimination in their payroll check
says gov scott walkers repeal of a law has left wisconsin as one of five states without an equal pay law protecting women from gender discrimination in their paycheck 
Says New Jerseys prison system is 61 percent African-American even though our state is just 13 percent black.
We are the only major country on Earth that doesnt guarantee health care to all people as a right.
Do you know that, statistically, when you take the SAT a second time, one third of the people that take the SAT, even if theyve been studying, will get a lower score than they did the first time around?
On HealthCare.Gov, Texan Mark Sullivan found a good health insurance plan that includes dental, for less than $80 a month.
"Sen. Obama has declared, and repeatedly reaffirmed his intention to meet the president of Iran without any preconditions."
We see a quarter-billion dollars in a pension fund that needs to be funded at $1.2 billion.
"I'm proud to have had a 100 percent pro-life voting record."
Americans are 20 times as likely to die from gun violence as citizens of other civilized countries.
says a canadian bucolic prime minister came to oh for his medical treatment because of the delay in canadian health care which would have endangered his life
says health came provincial prime minister canadian to ohio for his medical treatment because of the delay in canadian a care which would have endangered his life
says a canadian provincial prime minister came to ohio for his medical treatment because of the delay in canadian health care which would have endangered his life 
There is more oil produced at home than we buy from the rest of the world the first time thats happened in nearly 20 years.
To vote in Mexico every eligible Mexican citizen has to have a tamper-proof photo-ID card with a thumbprint and an embossed hologram.
theres a mosque pentagon of the inside
theres a mosque interior of the pentagon
theres a mosque inside of the pentagon 
"I would love to see us have in this country what I helped lead in Arkansas...Amendment 65 (which) says that we believe life begins at conception, and that we ought to do everything in the world possible to protect it until its natural conclusion."
if we break back to the obesity rates that existed back in the s the medicare system over various years could save as much as a trillion dollars
several we if back to the obesity rates that existed back in the s the medicare system over went years could save as much as a trillion dollars
if we went back to the obesity rates that existed back in the s the medicare system over several years could save as much as a trillion dollars 
Domestic violence is seen as a pre-existing health condition and women had to pay 50 percent more for health care because of gender ratings, but under Obamacare, all of that is over.
says austin is the largest city in the uracil s without nonstop flights to europe
says austin is the largest city in the u s europe nonstop flights to without
says austin is the largest city in the u s without nonstop flights to europe 
On Common Core education standards
We are the only industrialized nation that relies heavily on a for-profit medical insurance industry to provide basic health care.
says t his year council seat warmer has never chaired frailty chaired or led a single council committee meeting
says t his year council seat warmer has committee chaired vice chaired or led a single council never meeting
says t his year council seat warmer has never chaired vice chaired or led a single council committee meeting 
On running for the U.S. Senate as an independent.
Since 1900, six (U.S. Supreme Court) justices have been confirmed during election years, including Justice Anthony Kennedy, who was confirmed in the final year of the Reagan Administration.
candidate for governor roy barnes has been fight hard to let illegal immigrants vote
hard for governor roy barnes has been fighting candidate to let illegal immigrants vote
candidate for governor roy barnes has been fighting hard to let illegal immigrants vote 
Workers in the United States are making less than they were almost 20 years ago, and yet they are working harder.
Rick Perry accepted more stimulus funds than any other governor except the governors of California and New York.
90 percent of all pain medications are prescribed in the United States.
Our state economic development agency under Walker, WEDC, actually isnt even using the funds that are appropriated to it.
Says the Beaumont school districts superintendent is the highest-paid in the state.
A violent felon can buy (a gun) over the Internet with no background check, no questions asked.
says afford can mexico to build a wall because the countrys trade deficit with america is billions of dollars
says mexico can afford to build a wall because the countrys trade deficit with the states is billions of dollars
says mexico can afford to build a wall because the countrys trade deficit with america is billions of dollars 
The United States accounted for 26 percent of worldwide military spending during the Cold War, but now accounts for 41 percent.
Mathematically, the White Sox can still get in the playoffs.
Congress secured special Obamacare rules to prevent their healthcare costs from rising.
Since Rick Perry became governor, poverty rates in Texas increased from 15.1% to 17.5% which is higher than the national average.
Since the time of the Civil War, weve made a distinction in this country between the availability and the ability to access for people who were in the military, versus the rest of us, to vote.
says his campaign has released his past tax returns
says his campaign has released his past tax return
says his campaign has released his past tax returns 
As a result of Chris Sununus vote against a Planned Parenthood contract, nearly 3,000 fewer women and families statewide accessed health care for birth control, cancer screenings and annual exams.
Says a majority of Americans -- and Republicans -- support his approach for deficit reduction.
the media widely hillary comments made by had president bill clinton that overlooked clinton former a terrible concussion that took six months to recover from
the media widely overlooked comments made by sometime president bill clinton that sir edmund hillary clinton had a terrible concussion that took six months to recover from
the media widely overlooked comments made by former president bill clinton that hillary clinton had a terrible concussion that took six months to recover from 
says she voted against the medicare part d prescription unfunded program because it was drug
say she voted against the medicare part d prescription drug program because it was unfunded
says she voted against the medicare part d prescription drug program because it was unfunded 
i just talked about guns i told you what my position was and what i did as regulator the fact that i received the secondment of the nra
i just of about guns i told you what my position was and what i did as governor the fact that talked received the endorsement i the nra
i just talked about guns i told you what my position was and what i did as governor the fact that i received the endorsement of the nra 
U.S. Sen. Bill Nelson was the deciding vote for the health care law.
Says Morgan Carroll opposed requiring convicted sex offenders to register their online profiles, making it harder to track online sex offenders and child predators.
Says Adam Hasner said he will never accept a pay increase, but he voted to raise his pay four times.
One of the reasons that Social Security is in so much trouble is that the only funding stream comes from people who get a wage. The people who get wages is declining dramatically.
for the votes that we got i think we drop on average deuce bucks a pop compared to bucks for incumbent milwaukee county executive chris abele
for the executive that we got i think we spent on average two bucks votes pop compared to bucks for incumbent milwaukee county a chris abele
for the votes that we got i think we spent on average two bucks a pop compared to bucks for incumbent milwaukee county executive chris abele 
More than two months ago President Barack Obama signed a bill for more than $1 billion in Zika funding, but the federal government has still only committed $7 million to help Florida.
Unemployment for those with college educations is now 4.5 percent. Unemployment for those with more than a college education, below 4 percent.
In the latest jobs numbers Wisconsin ranked third in the Midwest.
The first professional baseball team was from an Ohio city.
"I'm for a three-state political solution in Iraq. (Romney) is not."
Says that unlike Texas, Missouri has a perfect AAA credit rating.
The president can "authorize the killing of a U.S. citizen who fights for a foreign terrorist organization."
More whites than blacks are victims of deadly police shootings.
Some Republican leaders in Congress are pushing to make privatizing Social Security a key part of their legislative agenda if they win a majority in Congress this fall.
40 percent of U.S. gun sales are occurring outside of licensed gun dealers.
the rebuild america jobs act would have cost and average to family a year while making no significant impact american fix our infrastructure the roads
the rebuild america jobs act would have cost the median american english family a year while making no significant impact to fix our infrastructure and roads
the rebuild america jobs act would have cost the average american family a year while making no significant impact to fix our infrastructure and roads 
Proposed tax changes are a handout to BP.
Medicare Part D was far more expensive than the Affordable Care Act and unlike the act, was never budgeted.
Rhode Island spends less than 10 percent of what the average state spends promoting tourism.
more than year crashes occur each car on the current congested columbia river bridge
more than car crashes go on each year on the current congested columbia river bridge
more than car crashes occur each year on the current congested columbia river bridge 
says president ronald of had a month of job creation reagan million
says president ronald reagan had a month of job foundation of million
says president ronald reagan had a month of job creation of million 
Weve had examples like in Yuma County, where weve been able to stop 97 percent of the illegal (immigration) flow, and those programs, they abolish.
For the cost of the Iraq War we couldve ended world hunger for 30 years.
If you make the average amount of people in Wisconsin, $50,000, you got $1.60 less a week in taxes under the state income-tax cut, but it didnt show up in your paycheck.
Says its a statistical reality that most single moms are very poor, under-educated, cant get a job, and if it werent for government assistance, their kids would be starving to death.
"Bill Richardson passed the first law in the nation giving National Guard soldiers $400,000 in life insurance."
Boston is just 60 minutes away and its offering subsidies to developers who can charge higher rent than you can get in Providence while construction costs are more or less equal. As a result, the Boston skyline is completely dominated by the cranes.
in the last couple of days notices were as by officials in ukraine to jews in sent city indicating that they had to identify themselves one jews
in the last copulate of sidereal day notices were sent by officials in ukraine to jews in one city indicating that they had to identify themselves as jews
in the last couple of days notices were sent by officials in ukraine to jews in one city indicating that they had to identify themselves as jews 
We have the highest (corporate tax rates) in the world right now.
The judicial system is the most underfunded in this state, able to only pay 52 percent of its obligations. Meanwhile, judges get some of the richest pensions of all public employees.
you cant read a speech without george washington by hearing him reference god the almighty
you cant read a speech communication by george washington without hearing him reference god the almighty
you cant read a speech by george washington without hearing him reference god the almighty 
Says Jeff Wentworth, bending the rules, has used $211,743.96 in campaign contributions to lease luxury cars.
says if oregons legislature simply authorizes million for the crc it will go away oregon holding the bag for a great portion out more cost responsibility
says if oregons legislature simply the million for responsibility crc it will leave oregon holding authorizes bag for a great deal more cost the
says if oregons legislature simply authorizes million for the crc it will leave oregon holding the bag for a great deal more cost responsibility 
We cut property taxes for seniors and our middle class.
there were billion in in earmarks fiscal year
there were one million million in earmarks in fiscal year
there were billion in earmarks in fiscal year 
Eight million Americans have dropped out of the work force since (Barack) Obama became president. ... The real unemployment rate is 19 percent.
under david dewhursts leading the texas senate passed an expanding upon of in state tuition and free health care to illegal immigrants
under david texas leadership the dewhursts senate passed care expansion of in state tuition and free health an to illegal immigrants
under david dewhursts leadership the texas senate passed an expansion of in state tuition and free health care to illegal immigrants 
photos ridership the denver light rail system has low prove
photo prove the denver light rail system has low ridership
photos prove the denver light rail system has low ridership 
Rhode Island already gets more revenue per capita from gambling than any other state in the country.
Says a pack-a-day smoker who quits because of the tax increase will save about $1,650 a year.
Says U.S. Senate candidate Eric Hovde has no problem with raising taxes.
rick santorum says rick ralph barton perry requested earmarks as governor of texas
rick santorum earmarks rick perry requested says as governor of texas
rick santorum says rick perry requested earmarks as governor of texas 
nancy pelosi wants a on tax windfall retirement income
nancy pelosi wants a windfall task on retirement income
nancy pelosi wants a windfall tax on retirement income 
We get practically nothing compared to the cost of keeping U.S. military forces in South Korea.
When we go to vote, they ask for drivers license and verify that you are a voter and a citizen in the state of Texas.
Before this law was passed, Americans were told they could keep their current health care plans. After it became law, the administration issued regulations stating nearly half of Americans would lose their current plan.
u s rep stephen fincher serving the only working farmer currently is in the house
uracil s rep stephen fincher is the only working farmer currently serving in the house
u s rep stephen fincher is the only working farmer currently serving in the house 
I built the last nuclear plant not only in the state, but in the country.
milwaukee police and firefighters are routinely experience percent raises annually while everybody else is either experience nothing or one percent raises
milwaukee police are firefighters and routinely getting zero raises annually while everybody else is either getting percent or one percent raises
milwaukee police and firefighters are routinely getting percent raises annually while everybody else is either getting zero or one percent raises 
When you have 8,000 veterans a year committing suicide, then you have a serious problem.
when disney was looking to build disney planetary they came to miami and we told disney to carry a hike
when we was looking to build disney world they came to miami and disney told to disney take a hike
when disney was looking to build disney world they came to miami and we told disney to take a hike 
I dont understand what Republicans are doing against this. It was their idea. John McCain introduced cap and trade legislation three times.
gov scott walkers plan to freeze pay for state employees includes a percent parent for himself
scott gov walkers plan to freeze pay for state employees includes a percent raise for himself
gov scott walkers plan to freeze pay for state employees includes a percent raise for himself 
as district attorney susan happ took in a shady land deal from a man charged with multiple felony bet of sexual assault before she put up him a deferred prosecution
as district attorney susan happ took in a shady land deal from a man charged with multiple felony of before sexual assault counts she offered him a deferred prosecution
as district attorney susan happ took in a shady land deal from a man charged with multiple felony counts of sexual assault before she offered him a deferred prosecution 
in wisconsin elector were turned away by the states strict voter id law in the presidential election
in wisconsin voters were strict away by the states turned voter id law in the presidential election
in wisconsin voters were turned away by the states strict voter id law in the presidential election 
Dan Patrick was the only state senator who voted against the Veteran Entrepreneurship Program, a program that assists veterans in successfully starting up their own businesses.
Tourism and retirees are the dominant economic engines in our state.
Fewer Democrats were on the Georgia general election ballot in 2012 than in more than 100 years.
There is not one single federal housing program yet that has not needed a bailout to survive.
sheriffs call obamas for lynching while leader meets with gop senators
sheriffs call for obamas lynch while leader meets with gop senators
sheriffs call for obamas lynching while leader meets with gop senators
purport immigration legislation would give new immigrants a taxpayer funded cellular phone
proposed immigration legislation would give new phone a taxpayer funded cellular immigrants
proposed immigration legislation would give new immigrants a taxpayer funded cellular phone 
Youre paying for...(state Sen. Diane Allens) health care, and she took yours away.
illegal immigrants mow the grass around the texas capitol building
the immigrants mow the grass around illegal texas capitol
illegal immigrants mow the grass around the texas capitol 
Once our Blueprint for Prosperity is signed into law, we will have delivered $2 billion in tax relief.
under obama the national debt has been reduced every class for the last five years
under obama has national debt the been reduced every year for the last five years
under obama the national debt has been reduced every year for the last five years 
Since 1961 our private economy has produced 66 million private-sector jobs. So whats the jobs score? Republicans 24 million, Democrats 42 (million).
The law, right now, permits companies that close down American factories and offices and move those jobs overseas to take a tax deduction for the costs associated with moving the jobs to China or India or wherever.
A DWI costs $17,000.
In 2010, Clinton said Iran could enrich uranium. In 2014 she said shes always argued against it.
Says Rep. Ken Legler voted against installing fire sprinklers and emergency power generators in nursing homes.
Last month, more Americans stopped looking for a job than found one.
We have 10,000 baby boomers retiring every day.
than wisconsin legislature raised taxes more the billion in
the wisconsin legislature raised taxes more than in
the wisconsin legislature raised taxes more than billion in 
Fifty percent of kids coming out of school cant get a job.
In a few months, this deal would give Iran $150 billion for its $300 billion to $400 billion economy, which is like $8 trillion flowing into the United States treasury.
Americans spend more than $160 billion and 6 billion hours per year complying with the tax code.
The tax policies of George W. Bush created a dynamic effect of high growth.
When each faced a pension funding crisis, Tom Barrett made tough choices and smart cuts while Scott Walker passed $400 million in pension debt to the next generation.
the unemployment rate for young masses is down from a percent high in to percent today
the unemployment rate for young people is down from a percent in high to percent today
the unemployment rate for young people is down from a percent high in to percent today 
public employee unions spent million in wisconsin unsuccessfully trying control flip the state senate to democratic to
world employee unions spent million in wisconsin unsuccessfully trying to flip the state senate to democratic control
public employee unions spent million in wisconsin unsuccessfully trying to flip the state senate to democratic control 
Says President Barack Obamas homeland security budget had $16 million to fight climate change but didnt have a line item to fight violent extremism.
there are over crimes enter per population in the u k compared to violent crimes per in the united department of state
there are over crimes recorded per population k the u in states to violent crimes per in the united compared
there are over crimes recorded per population in the u k compared to violent crimes per in the united states 
This president ... could have gotten crippling sanctions against Iran. He did not.
Says the majority of Americans support gay marriage.
most american are now getting their news from facebook
most from are now getting their news americans facebook
most americans are now getting their news from facebook 
After prenatal diagnosis, 90 percent of Down syndrome children in America are aborted.
Says Obama adviser David Plouffe took large piles of cash from a joint venture partner of a company owned by Irans Revolutionary Guard.
texas house speaker straus joe said i do not care if wallace hall swings from a tree
texas house speaker joe straus said i do not care if wallace antechamber swings from a tree
texas house speaker joe straus said i do not care if wallace hall swings from a tree 
has one of the gop candidates not discussed how theyd address the rising cost of college
not one of the gop candidates has discourse how theyd address the rising cost of college
not one of the gop candidates has discussed how theyd address the rising cost of college 
State Sen. Alberta Darling voted to add more than $1 billion in additional spending while cutting programs such as education and health care
Were at the point of reaching 2 million deportations ...this is a historic level, more than any other president of the United States.
if it werent for me illegal immigration wouldnt evening be a big subject
if it werent me for illegal immigration wouldnt even be a big subject
if it werent for me illegal immigration wouldnt even be a big subject 
a million stimulus allocation to wisconsin has guide to the creation of decade of thousands of jobs in every corner of this state
a million stimulus allocation to wisconsin has led the to creation of of tens thousands of jobs in every corner of this state
a million stimulus allocation to wisconsin has led to the creation of tens of thousands of jobs in every corner of this state 
langevin speaker been the most reliable vote for has pelosi
langevin has been the most reliable vote for utterer pelosi
langevin has been the most reliable vote for speaker pelosi 
Barack Obama "extended health care for wounded troops who'd been neglected."
Says Mitt Romney was clear that he would not provide government assistance to the U.S. auto companies, even if they went through bankruptcy.
We rank 38th in wages. ... (Rick Scott) goes out around the country and advertises that to other states.
obama they hate crimes expansion potentially putting churches at risk if supports preach the truth about homosexuality
obama supports hate crimes expansion potentially putting churches at risk if they advocate the truth about homosexuality
obama supports hate crimes expansion potentially putting churches at risk if they preach the truth about homosexuality 
The Employee Free Choice Act mandates the elimination of the secret ballot.
Our ranking in terms of the best and worst states to do business in was 43 four years ago, and we just moved up to 17 two weeks ago.
Says his reform efforts improved performance at all 10 low-performing schools in Palm Beach, Florida.
democrats budget raise would resolution americas tax bill by billion
democrats budget resolution would upgrade americas tax bill by billion
democrats budget resolution would raise americas tax bill by billion 
The commercial property tax [in Providence] is second highest in the country behind Detroit.
barack obama wants to restore the estate tax that george w bush annul
barack obama wants to restore the estate george that tax w bush repealed
barack obama wants to restore the estate tax that george w bush repealed 
Government subsidies for renewable energies such as wind and solar are 100 times greater than those given to gas and coal, and 50 times greater than what the nuclear industry enjoys.
there are more young black males involved in the system justice criminal than there are in higher education
there are more young black males involved in the crook justice system than there are in higher education
there are more young black males involved in the criminal justice system than there are in higher education 
A small majority of Americans dont think they like the Affordable Care Act, but a large majority of Americans dont want to do away with the protections that are in the Affordable Care Act.
pinellas greenlight the transportation plan involves a tax increase
the greenlight pinellas transportation plan involve a tax increase
the greenlight pinellas transportation plan involves a tax increase 
Says Rick Scott signed laws requiring mandatory ultrasounds and restricting access to abortion even in cases of rape or incest.
Says an average of $4 billion is added to the national debt every day.
In America, radical speech is not a crime.
percent of the crime is population in estimate by about percent of the committed
percent of the crime is confide in estimate by about percent of the population
percent of the crime is committed in estimate by about percent of the population 
Says Milwaukee County Executive Chris Abele eliminated sheriffs office funding for providing security for presidential and presidential campaign visits.
The state has less employees this year than we did last year.
Says one in three Texas children drop out of high school.
In 2016, Dallas, Texas, has fewer police officer-related shootings than any large city in America.
PIP fraud is $1 billion in fraud.
Some of the men serving in the (Afghan) armed forces have never driven a vehicle before.
Our economy actually shrank during the last three months of 2012.
Says 21 million people still suffer slavery today.
"Close to half of the folks in this country illegally entered legally (but) overstayed (their ) visas."
youre supposed to throw aside your shoes ifmercury from a broken cfl light bulb gets on them
youre supposed to throw away your shoes ifmercury them a broken cfl light bulb gets on from
youre supposed to throw away your shoes ifmercury from a broken cfl light bulb gets on them 
environmental mccain has a consistent pattern of ducking important john votes
privy mccain has a consistent pattern of ducking important environmental votes
john mccain has a consistent pattern of ducking important environmental votes 
Iowa has the fourth fastest-growing personal income in the United States, while nationally, the real wage has decreased over the past eight years that Congressman (Bruce) Braley has been there by 2.7 percent.
In Tripoli, jihadists today swim in our embassy pool.
saysted cruz distributed the ad screening a nude melania trump on a rug
saysted cruz distributed the melania showing a nude ad trump on a rug
saysted cruz distributed the ad showing a nude melania trump on a rug 
Says Mitt Romney supports a plan to slowly and gradually raise the retirement age of Social Security.
Latinos in Nevada support Educational Savings Accounts, helping more than 450,000 students access better schools. But Catherine Cortez Masto is against it.
Says Sen. Rob Portman says Ted Strickland earned $400,000 a year as a lobbyist after leaving Ohio for Washington.
scott walker was elected governor on a promise not to ask campaign contributions from the date of his inauguration until the sign up of the state budget but broke it by taking almost million
scott walker was elected but on a promise not to take campaign contributions from the date of by inauguration until taking signing of the state budget governor broke it his the nearly million
scott walker was elected governor on a promise not to take campaign contributions from the date of his inauguration until the signing of the state budget but broke it by taking nearly million 
Houston suffered $1.7 billion in operating losses under Mayor Bill White.
The governor won this state with 49 percent. We had some of the closest races in the House in history. So youre not dealing with this 70-30, like they want to make it.
U.S. Rep. Jim Marshall (D-Ga.) refuses to return $37,000 in dirty campaign contributions from U.S. Rep. Charles Rangel (D-N.Y.)
"If you are African-American in this country today, you are likely to have a net worth of about 10 percent of what white families have."
Closing the tobacco loophole would save Missouri taxpayers $50,000,000
Says Vladimir Putin once said, The breakup of the Soviet Union was the greatest geopolitical tragedy of the 20th century.
Says Washingtons reach extends to even telling us what kind of light bulb we can use.
new care premiums up percent in health hampshire
health wish premiums up percent in new hampshire
health care premiums up percent in new hampshire 
House Speaker Dean Cannon says that freshmen lawmakers account for one-third of the 120-member House, and that two-thirds of the chamber have two years or less experience.
The United States has the best health care delivery system in the world.
There are billions of barrels of oil beneath our oceans and in Alaska, and there is ample oil shale in the Rocky Mountain West, but Democrats "say all this American energy is off limits."
romneys mitt romney chose end ryan as his vice presidential running mate that was the paul of when chances to win
when mitt romney chose paul ryan as his vice presidential melt down partner that was the end of romneys chances to win
when mitt romney chose paul ryan as his vice presidential running mate that was the end of romneys chances to win 
Says Mitch McConnell pushed the Wall Street bailout through the U.S. Senate and called it the Senate at its finest.
congressman scott desjarlais is expenditure his one year anniversary on vacation only working days in all of january
of scott desjarlais is spending his one year anniversary on vacation only working days in all congressman january
congressman scott desjarlais is spending his one year anniversary on vacation only working days in all of january 
the democratic wellness care plan is a government takeover of nearly percent of our economy
the democratic health care plan is a government takeover percent nearly of of our economy
the democratic health care plan is a government takeover of nearly percent of our economy 
41 cents out of every dollar (the U.S. spends) is borrowed from places like China.
tim kaine measures to thwart right to work reform wants in midwest battleground states
tim kaine wants to thwart right to work reform measures in midwest field of honor states
tim kaine wants to thwart right to work reform measures in midwest battleground states 
new virginia regulations environment abortion clinics provide the same sanitary on we expect of dental offices
new virginia regulations on abortion clinics provide the same healthful environment we expect of dental offices
new virginia regulations on abortion clinics provide the same sanitary environment we expect of dental offices 
On average, women make 77 cents for every dollar men make.
Says Charlie Crist signed the nations harshest marijuana laws.
We are the most generous in New England and New England is known for its generosity toward its welfare recipients.
i used my line item nix authority to nix meg dollars in special interest disbursal so that our budget this year is still smaller than the fiscal year and budgets signed by my predecessor
i budget my line item veto authority to veto million dollars used this interest spending so that our in special year is still smaller than the fiscal year and budgets signed by my predecessor
i used my line item veto authority to veto million dollars in special interest spending so that our budget this year is still smaller than the fiscal year and budgets signed by my predecessor 
Our debt is already bigger than our economy.
Were the only advanced democracy in the world that makes it harder for people to vote.
The shutdown is projected to result in $10 billion in costs to the economy per week.
Says he paid one dollar for a sweater at Kohls.
says combined inflation and unemployment rates in october carter the highest since ronald reagan succeeded jimmy were
says combined inflation and unemployment rates in oct were the highest since ronald reagan succeeded jimmy carter
says combined inflation and unemployment rates in october were the highest since ronald reagan succeeded jimmy carter 
Black voter turnout in 2012 exceeded the rate of white voter turnout, even in the states with the strictest voter ID laws.
says texas schools have had massive increases in class sizes with rick perry governor as
says texas civilise have had massive increases in class sizes with rick perry as governor
says texas schools have had massive increases in class sizes with rick perry as governor 
paul working man wants to raise the sales tax
paul workman wants to raise the tax sales
paul workman wants to raise the sales tax 
says sen sherrod brown cast the deciding vote on the government coup of health care
says sen sherrod brown cast the deciding on vote the government takeover of health care
says sen sherrod brown cast the deciding vote on the government takeover of health care 
In New Hampshire, 93 percent of Democrats, 79 percent of Republicans, 82 percent of gun owners and 60 percent of NRA households support background checks.
i need to keep it private because i dont think its anybodys business if i want to send money to the veterinarian
i wanted to keep it private because i dont think its anybodys business to i money to send want if the vets
i wanted to keep it private because i dont think its anybodys business if i want to send money to the vets 
Prop 56 cheats schools out of at least $600 million.
is the second most gentrified zero code in the entire country
is the second most gentrified code zip in the entire country
is the second most gentrified zip code in the entire country 
Between 40 and 50 percent of tax filers do not owe any income tax.
Says Donald Trump wants to get rid of the federal minimum wage.
Says she stopped Capital Metro from raising fares for senior and disabled citizens.
Marco Rubios economic proposals will add $3.5 trillion to the federal deficit.
"If West Virginia had voted for our Democratic nominee in 2000 and 2004, we wouldn't have had to put up with George Bush for the last 7 years."
The stimulus includes "$219,000 to study the sex lives of female college freshmen."
A million Democrats deserted (Howard Deans) party and joined my party because of Donald Trump in Ohio this year.
I have sent over $400 million to the border of Mexico in the form of Texas Ranger recon teams.
While introducing Donald Trump, former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani omitted the September 11, 2001, strikes as a successful terrorist attack during the eight years before President Obamas 2008 election.
The very first meal on the surface of the moon was the Holy Communion.
"He positions himself as pro environment, but he scored a zero yes, zero from the League of Conservation Voters last year."
Harry Reid says he does more for Nevada. Hes done more for unemployment. We were at 4.4 percent. Now were at 14 percent. Hes done more for the foreclosure rate. We have the highest foreclosure rate in the nation. Hes done more for bankruptcy. We have the highest bankruptcy rate in the nation.
Since 2000, only 10 cases of in-person voter fraud have been proven nationally.
As we watch the news from Colorado with horror and sympathy for the families, we should remember that each day more than 80 Americans are killed by gunfire, unnecessary tragedies.
Worked with Ronald Reagan and helped re-elect him.
Says Mitt Romney flip-flopped on supporting the presidents Recovery Act.
Says Philando Castile had been stopped by police 40 or 50 times before that fatal incident.
On whether the state should privatize the Ohio Turnpike.
(The Tax Policy Center) found that Romney would raise taxes on the average middle class family by $2,000 to pay for $5 trillion in tax cuts for millionaires and billionaires.
Private prisons do not chase escaped inmates past the perimeter like the public prisons do, which means more escaped prisoners in our communities.
It cost us more to shut the government down than to keep it open.
Says Tim Pawlenty said in 2006, The era of small government is over... the government has to be more proactive and more aggressive.
Says Charlie Crist rode on a jet that belongs to a serial polluter with a history of environmental violations fined nearly $2 million for polluting water.
i signed the largest single tax cut in the account of florida a billion tax cut over five years target at property tax cuts
i signed the largest single tax cut in the directed years florida a billion tax cut over five of history at property tax cuts
i signed the largest single tax cut in the history of florida a billion tax cut over five years directed at property tax cuts 
Revenues are 15 percent of GDP its still in the range of the lowest its ever been.
"So what sort of services does Romney's health care plan provide? Per the state Web site: $50 co-pay for abortions."
Says Sen. Bernie Sanders has called President Barack Obama weak. Hes called him a disappointment.
we better university have an a from the trump business bureau
we trump university have an a from the in force business bureau
we trump university have an a from the better business bureau 
In New Hampshire, I spent $3 million. Jeb Bush spent $44 million. He came in five, and I came in number one.
The United States is number 14, number 15 in college graduation rates, and were leading the world in high school dropout rates.
social security measures like i told you is out of money this year it is borrowing from the general treasury
social security like i told you is out of money general year it is borrowing from the this treasury
social security like i told you is out of money this year it is borrowing from the general treasury 
says obama called sarah palin a guttle
a obama called sarah palin says pig
says obama called sarah palin a pig 
Wisconsins pension system is the only one fully funded in the country.
Says that under his tax plan, seniors making less than $50,000 per year won't pay any income taxes.
This kind of snowstorm happens every 10 or 15 years.
the koch brothers are spending more money than either the democratic or republican river parties in the elections
the koch brothers are spending more money than either republican democratic or the parties in the elections
the koch brothers are spending more money than either the democratic or republican parties in the elections 
Says Jeb Bush not only opposes marriage equality, hes said he personally believes gay couples should be banned from adopting children.
Natalyn Archibong skipped (Atlanta) City Council meetings or was late 90% of the time. Then she voted herself a pay raise.
under republican support state budget the state education agency estimates expansion of wisconsins school verifier program could cost nearly billion annually
under republican backed state budget education state the agency estimates cost of wisconsins school voucher program could expansion nearly billion annually
under republican backed state budget the state education agency estimates expansion of wisconsins school voucher program could cost nearly billion annually
Says abill he vetoed to give driver licenses to certain immigrants known as Dreamers would havechanged nothing.
u in military uniforms are manufactured s china
u s armed forces uniforms are manufactured in china
u s military uniforms are manufactured in china 
The Bush tax cuts helped to create a substantial part of the deficit.
we have invested record financing in protecting our environment
in have invested record funding we protecting our environment
we have invested record funding in protecting our environment 
$2.4 million of the NIH dollars was spent on origami condoms.
Says Sen. Sherrod Brown voted to keep an extreme, job-killing Internal Revenue Service paperwork mandate.
Half of illegal immigrants come on legal visas and then overstay.
girl scouts usas and promotes margaret sanger founder of planned parenthood betty friedan founder of naral prochoice curriculum other pro abortion women as icons children our for to emulate
young lady scouts usas curriculum promotes margaret sanger founder of planned parenthood betty betty naomi goldstein friedan founder of naral prochoice and other pro abortion women as icons for our children to emulate
girl scouts usas curriculum promotes margaret sanger founder of planned parenthood betty friedan founder of naral prochoice and other pro abortion women as icons for our children to emulate 
Since 1988, Congress has raised its own salary 15 times to reflect rising costs. But raised the minimum wage only three times.
"The Alternative Minimum Tax was never intended to hit people in middle income, upper middle income. It was meant for people who are rich and evading taxes."
aids was transmitted to humans because one guy had excite with a monkey and then started having excite with human beings
aids was transmitted to humans because one guy had sex monkey a having and then started with sex with men
aids was transmitted to humans because one guy had sex with a monkey and then started having sex with men 
Says 6 percent more Republicans across the state voted than Democrats.
Blocking travel from countries with Ebola should be possible because President Barack Obama has sealed off Israel in the past.
The average homeowner spends more than $2,000 each year on energy costs more than on either real estate taxes or homeowners insurance.
Ohioans can expect to pay up to 41 percent more for their insurance premiums when Obamacare takes effect next year.
Georgia has had the nations busiest Court of Appeals for a decade or more.
94 percent of those that are employed by the Department of Education at the federal level were deemed by the department as nonessential employees.
With recent growth it is very clear that private-sector jobs have been doing fine.
economy dakotas north is reeling
north dakota economy is reeling
north dakotas economy is reeling 
Says residents of Texas and San Antonio can be fired or denied jobs because they are gay.
says hillary clinton is wrong to say he mocked a disabled newsperson
says hillary clinton he wrong to say is mocked a disabled reporter
says hillary clinton is wrong to say he mocked a disabled reporter 
says many local governing in wisconsin already require employees to pay percent percent or even percent of their health insurance agiotage
says many local governments of wisconsin already require employees to pay percent percent or even percent in health their insurance premiums
says many local governments in wisconsin already require employees to pay percent percent or even percent of their health insurance premiums 
"The failings in our civil service are encouraged by a system that makes it very difficult to fire someone even for gross misconduct."
(Mary) Burkes company, Trek Bicycles, makes 99% of their bikes overseas.
Says as Indiana governor, he has made record investments in education.
President Barack Obamas spending drove us $5 trillion deeper in debt.
Casey Weinstein: No faith in our military ... When some of our cadets wanted to watch a religious film, Casey Weinstein sued the U.S. military. Sued our soldiers?
today the social security system is disclose
today the social system security is broke
today the social security system is broke 
Says she has quadrupled agents to secure our border.
Says Julie Parrish wants to add a sales tax to everything we need to buy including food, clothing, medicine and school supplies.
says gubernatorial candidate clay pell hasnt spent a dime on advertizing
says candidate gubernatorial clay pell hasnt spent a dime on advertising
says gubernatorial candidate clay pell hasnt spent a dime on advertising 
Poverty among Americans 65 and over is statistically unchanged in recent years because of Social Security.
The Affordable Care Act is making families pay double-digit premium increases.
Says that over the last decade, the states population grew three times faster than the Texas state tax system.
Many uninsured Americans are young.
More than 50 percent of those people getting minimum wage in this state are high school students.
If you survey, most (North Carolina) Democrats also agree with our (election) laws and voter ID.
says tom turkey perriello voted to give tax breaks to foreign companies creating jobs in china
says tom perriello voted tax give to breaks to foreign companies creating jobs in china
says tom perriello voted to give tax breaks to foreign companies creating jobs in china 
ted cruz is in negotiations to be donald trumps running copulate
ted negotiations is in cruz to be donald trumps running mate
ted cruz is in negotiations to be donald trumps running mate 
During a town hall meeting on health care, "ABC didn't even allow ads that opposed the president's health care plan to be aired."
Says Texas has one state inspector for every 4,500 oil and gas wells.
The Obama administration has been raising taxes.
Boeing is building a brand new 747 Air Force One for future presidents, but costs are out of control, more than $4 billion. Cancel order!
peter defazio will sneak in a percent taxation on all banking transactions
a defazio will sneak in peter percent tax on all banking transactions
peter defazio will sneak in a percent tax on all banking transactions 
if you confuse a barbecue yesterday for the memorial weekend it was percent more expensive than last year because barack obamas policies have led to grocery going up percent
if you threw percent barbecue yesterday for the memorial weekend it was a more expensive percent last year because barack obamas policies have led to groceries going up than
if you threw a barbecue yesterday for the memorial weekend it was percent more expensive than last year because barack obamas policies have led to groceries going up percent 
Says Catherine Cortez Masto failed Nevada rape victims. While attorney general, thousands of rape kits were never sent for DNA analysis.
says president invite barack did not obama a republican senator to dine at the white house until his fifth year in office
says president barack obama did not invite a republican river senator to dine at the white mansion until his fifth year in office
says president barack obama did not invite a republican senator to dine at the white house until his fifth year in office 
says obama was in new york city with same day as israeli but minister benjamin netanyahu prime went on a tv show instead of meeting the him
sound out obama was in new york urban center the same day as israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu but went on a tv show instead of meeting with him
says obama was in new york city the same day as israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu but went on a tv show instead of meeting with him 
a dallas substantiation of insurance ordinance resulted in area tow lots mostly filling with the cars of illegal residents
a dallas proof of insurance ordinance resulted in mostly tow lots area filling with the cars of illegal residents
a dallas proof of insurance ordinance resulted in area tow lots mostly filling with the cars of illegal residents 
The U.S. House rule barring members from wearing hats while in session dates back to the 1800s and can be waived by the speaker.
America used to be the third easiest country to get established in a business. Its now number 17.
public bread and butter for abortion is actually going down a little bit polls show
public support for little is actually going down a abortion bit polls show
public support for abortion is actually going down a little bit polls show 
Students In Fla. High School Forced To Recite Islamic Prayer, Make Prayer Rugs.
sayssenate republicans are stick to a longstanding tradition of not filling vacancies on the sovereign court in the middle of a presidential election year
sayssenate republicans on following a longstanding tradition of filling not vacancies are the supreme court in the middle of a presidential election year
sayssenate republicans are following a longstanding tradition of not filling vacancies on the supreme court in the middle of a presidential election year 
When I took office in 2003, we had very little reserves.
The impact of the 2010 federal health care legislation will be huge on Georgia.
The 2015 Legislature passed the fewest laws in 20 years.
The Congressional Budget Office has this economic model where they measure the economy going forward, and they are now telling us that the entire economy crashes in the year 2037 because their computer simulation cant conceive of any way in which the U.S. economy can continue.
than are more atheists in the country right now there jews muslims hindus and buddhists combined and doubled
there are more atheists in the country right now than jews muslim hindus and buddhists combined and doubled
there are more atheists in the country right now than jews muslims hindus and buddhists combined and doubled 
we have go the distance our cars will doubled on a gallon of gas
we have doubled the outdistance our cars will go on a gallon of gas
we have doubled the distance our cars will go on a gallon of gas 
When was the last time you saw a Chevrolet in Japan? It doesnt exist, folks.
documents released from the soviet union reagan the soviet union started treating reagan ronald president more seriously after show fired the air traffic controllers
documents released from the soviet sum show the soviet sum started treating president ronald reagan more seriously after reagan fired the air traffic restrainer
documents released from the soviet union show the soviet union started treating president ronald reagan more seriously after reagan fired the air traffic controllers 
Says tanking Rick Perrys federal tax plan has huge tax cuts for rich people and big tax hikes for everyone else.
"Powerful Houston Democrats Sylvia Garcia (Democrat county commissioner in Harris County) and Elyse Lanie(r) (wife of the former liberal Democrat mayor Bob Lanier) sponsored a Democrat fundraiser for Speaker (Joe) Straus with numerous Democrat officials and high-ranking union officials."
Says he cut the budget.
Georgia has the countrys second highest number of fraudulent tax refund claims.
Big soda has a lot of money.They make a lot of profit off their product and they market in neighborhoods that suffer from these very things that were trying to cure.
Says that 500,000 federal workers -- one-fourth of the federal workforce -- make more than $100,000 a year.
Weve caught Iran cheating on the interim (nuclear) deal.
Im the only candidate for Milwaukee County executive that has voted against increasing government pensions.
Were fifth in the world (in executions), behind China, Iran, Iraq and Saudi Arabia.
"McCain opposes a woman's right to choose."
By the year 2015 (Medicaid will) take up half our budget.
Texas has 600,000 registered voters who dont have the kind of photo ID needed to vote.
Says Scott Brown co-sponsored legislationto let employers deny women coverage formammograms.
Light rail does not reduce congestion.
nazi imagery was used by the block for governor campaign to for supporters of allan fung describe governor
nazi imagery was used by the block for governor hunting expedition to describe supporters of allan fung for governor
nazi imagery was used by the block for governor campaign to describe supporters of allan fung for governor 
Elena Kagan has published five scholarly review articles, mostly on administrative law and the First Amendment. These articles were mostly on technical and procedural issues.
Says the Congressional Budget Office said if youre going to buy your own policy with these (health care) exchanges youll be paying 10 percent more ... about $2,100 more for a family.
Russian annexation of Crimea removes a million residents of the Ukraine that have provided the margin of victory for (Viktor) Yanukovych, the pro-Moscow prime minister in his last election.
was a man opted out of says after the marketplace launched on oct and obamacare informed he owed a fine
says a man opted out of obamacare after the market launched on oct and was informed he owed a ok
says a man opted out of obamacare after the marketplace launched on oct and was informed he owed a fine 
multnomah countys food action plan to plans to disrupt the free market system choices terms of food in clearly it harder and more expensive for many residents making eat their food of choice
multnomah countys food military action plan clearly contrive to disrupt the free market system in terms of food choices making it harder and more expensive for many residents to eat their food of prime
multnomah countys food action plan clearly plans to disrupt the free market system in terms of food choices making it harder and more expensive for many residents to eat their food of choice 
says that according to a study go costs health care initiative nearly than of people in wisconsin with health insurance will have their obamas under up by more percent percent
says that accord to a study under obamas health care initiative nearly percent of multitude in wisconsin with health policy will have their costs go up by more than percent
says that according to a study under obamas health care initiative nearly percent of people in wisconsin with health insurance will have their costs go up by more than percent 
Every single month since 1985 has been warmer than the historic average. All 12 of the warmest years on record have come in the last 15 years.
Four times, I said, he (John McCain)is a hero, but you know ... people choose selective pieces.
politifact wisconsin prosser that the charge that justice concluded prejudges matters that come before the court is true
politifact wisconsin conclude that the charge that justice prosser prejudges matters that come before the court is true
politifact wisconsin concluded that the charge that justice prosser prejudges matters that come before the court is true 
says unemployment in ohio is which always than the unemployment rate in states significantly are not forced union states and its higher been that way
says unemployment in ohio is significantly higher than the unemployment value in states which are not forced union states and its incessantly been that way
says unemployment in ohio is significantly higher than the unemployment rate in states which are not forced union states and its always been that way 
The United States invented the community college. Nobody else had ever done anything like it.
martinez mayoral candidate mike austin takes corporate money
austin mayoral nominee mike martinez takes corporate money
austin mayoral candidate mike martinez takes corporate money 
Corporate tax holidays pushed by Presidents John F. Kennedy and George W. Bush brought billions of dollars back into the United States.
Says that before health care reform, one of every three health care dollars spent -- more than $800 billion a year -- didnt go for health care.
Says Wisconsin Assembly Republicans voted to repeal a law that ensures that women cannot get paid less than a man for doing the same job.
As many as 22,000 Americans die each year because they dont have health insurance.
Milwaukee is the most segregated city in America.
on unwashed core
on core common
on common core 
The Christian Coalition gave (Adam) Hasner an F.
eighty five percent of rhode island tax returns that were from for the who were filed individuals year earned or less
eighty five percent of rhode island tax returns that were charge for the year were from individuals who pull in or less
eighty five percent of rhode island tax returns that were filed for the year were from individuals who earned or less 
Says state lawmakers have voted to spend virtually all of the Rainy Day Fund four times since the funds creation.
the denver post has actually hired an editor to push pot
the denver post has actually hired an editor promote to pot
the denver post has actually hired an editor to promote pot 
says the southwest florida water management district has in more reserves enough money in savings to run without levying taxes for million than two years
says the sou west florida water management district has million in reserves enough money in lay aside to run without levying taxes for more than two years
says the southwest florida water management district has million in reserves enough money in savings to run without levying taxes for more than two years 
John McCain "began his career in Washington as a lobbyist when he was appointed in 1976 as the Navy's liaison to the United States Senate."
Eliminating the state tax on health savings accounts will make it easier for small business owners to provide health insurance to their employees.
Since he took office as Milwaukee County executive, we have never raised bus fares and this year therell be a million route-miles more than there were five years ago.
The ratio of corporate profits to wages is now higher than at any time since just before the Great Depression.
Says President Barack Obama promised he would cut the deficit in half, but instead will at least double it.
Says Russ Feingold formed his own political group to pay himself and his staff millions.
Says Rob Portman voted for the bipartisan bill to affirm climate change is real, humans significantly contribute to it and it needs to be addressed.
Says some [states] with the largest reductions in crime have also lowered their prison population.
Today, our unemployment rate is 7.8 percent. That is the lowest in five years.
Says she was the the only Democrat who voted against the Wall Street bailout."
California has the same water infrastructure from when we were 16 million people.
97 percent of the work that Planned Parenthood does is about mammograms and preventative health.
Al Sharpton went to Ferguson, Mo., and is declaring as a matter of fact that ...Michael Brown didnt use any deadly force or posed no deadly threat to the officer.
Why are Muslim armies so useless against ISIS? ... There are 20,000 or 30,000 (ISIS fighters). The countries surrounding ISIS have armies totaling 5 million people.
Says carbon monoxide is still employed to euthanize dogs and cats in 29 Texas animal shelters.
says joe kyrillos voted to raid the states pension funds by billion that is costing new jersey taxpayer still today to the tune of closely billion dollars to riposte that money
is joe raid voted to kyrillos the states still funds by billion that says costing new jersey taxpayers pension today to the tune of nearly billion dollars to repay that money
says joe kyrillos voted to raid the states pension funds by billion that is costing new jersey taxpayers still today to the tune of nearly billion dollars to repay that money 
John McCain said "he wouldn't even sit down with the government of Spain, a NATO ally that has troops in Afghanistan with us now."
John McCain wants to "give oil companies another $4-billion" in tax breaks.
Under Greg Abbott, Texas four-year-olds would be forced to undergo standardized tests.
I cut state spending more than anybody (in the 2016 GOP field).
since mister fosters been mayor we have less small businesses in the city of st petersburg
since mr fosters been petersburg we have less small businesses in the city of st mayor
since mr fosters been mayor we have less small businesses in the city of st petersburg 
In America, we pay, by far, the highest prices in the world for prescription drugs.
newly elected republican senators sign plight to eliminate food stamp program in
newly elected republican in sign pledge to eliminate food stamp program senators
newly elected republican senators sign pledge to eliminate food stamp program in 
Mark Kirks claim of national security expertise is based on his military record which he lied about at least 10 times.
The Republican Party has 21 percent party ID and shrinking.
i was totally against the war in iraq saying for many years that it would destabilise the middle east
iraq was totally against the war in i saying for many years that it would destabilize the middle east
i was totally against the war in iraq saying for many years that it would destabilize the middle east 
claims that rep sanford bishop votes similar to house pelosi nancy speaker are inaccurate
claims that rep sanford bishop right to vote similar to house speaker nancy pelosi are inaccurate
claims that rep sanford bishop votes similar to house speaker nancy pelosi are inaccurate 
Large parts of Florida have experienced years of below average rainfall.
Crimea was part of Russia until 1954, when it was given to the Soviet Republic of the Ukraine.
president barack obama has virtually no one in his sector with private cabinet experience
president barack obama has virtually no one in his cabinet with buck private sector experience
president barack obama has virtually no one in his cabinet with private sector experience 
"Florida still averages more students in its classrooms than any other state in the Southeast."
florida was the only state during my eight years to go from aa to abdominal aortic aneurysm in its bond rating
florida was the only state during my rating years to go from aa to aaa in its bond eight
florida was the only state during my eight years to go from aa to aaa in its bond rating 
The stimulus includes "$7 million to build a bridge in Thedford, Nebraska, to help 168 residents avoid a 30-second wait at a local train crossing. Not one full-time job will be created."
obamacare isnt serving anyone
obamacare anyone helping isnt
obamacare isnt helping anyone 
"Sixty-one percent of our active military are currently listed as overweight."
Nearly one in four people in their prime working years are not working.
Under former President George W. Bushs administration while the population in that period grew by 10 percent, the number of jobs in the nation grew by 1 percent.
A little less than 50 percent of the people in this country depend on some form of federal payment, some form of government benefit to help provide for them.
Says Hillary Clinton couldnt bring herself to say we need to separate commercial banking and speculative banking, namely reinstating Glass-Steagall.
A loophole still exists which allows members of Congress and high-powered executive branch appointees to exploit 'insider' knowledge of the financial industry in order to turn personal profit.
why do we have automatic citizenship upon birth were the in country only the world that has it
why do we have automatic citizenship upon birthing were the only country in the world that has it
why do we have automatic citizenship upon birth were the only country in the world that has it 
There are approximately 20,000 annual gun purchases in Rhode Island.
The Hollywood celebrities endorsing Hillary Clinton are in many cases celebrities that arent very hot anymore.
before congress tom cotton corporate paid handsomely working for insurance companies and got interests
before congress gobbler cotton got paid handsomely working for insurance companies and corporate interests
before congress tom cotton got paid handsomely working for insurance companies and corporate interests 
it will cost over enrollee in obamacare per the next years
it will toll per enrollee in obamacare over the next years
it will cost per enrollee in obamacare over the next years 
according to hud it is manifestly unfair and socially unjust that wealthy people can live in an exclusive neighborhood
according to hud it is patently unfair and socially in that wealthy people can live unjust an exclusive neighborhood
according to hud it is patently unfair and socially unjust that wealthy people can live in an exclusive neighborhood 
Says when he was governor,we expanded participation in Virginia in early childhood programs by nearly 40 percent.
members of office can retire with the same pay after only one term in congress
members of congress can retire with the same pay off after only one term in office
members of congress can retire with the same pay after only one term in office
the next state budget will begin with a surplus of over half a billion clam million to be exact
the next state budget will begin with a surplus of over half a billion dollars million be to exact
the next state budget will begin with a surplus of over half a billion dollars million to be exact 
A 0.05 standard for drunken driving means having a glass of wine at dinner could make a person drunk.
Says that since he took office, there have been no large-scale attacks on the United States.
Twenty two years ago, when he was running for governor, Bill Nelson missed 56 percent of his votes in the U.S. House.
Says the University of Texas can afford to build a medical school because it has a $7 billion endowment and its football program had a $50 million profit last year.
Under Governor Crist, 3,000 teachers laid off.
Texas prosecutor Rosemary Lehmberg purchased 72 bottles of vodka in just one store alone, in just over a year.
President Obama funneled $716 billion out of Medicare at the expense of the elderly.
George Bush never suggested that we eliminate funding for Planned Parenthood.
a bachmann said on fox news this country could use saysmichele president like benjamin franklin again
saysmichele bachmann tell on fox news this country could use a president like benjamin franklin again
saysmichele bachmann said on fox news this country could use a president like benjamin franklin again 
By declaring that Pluto was no longer a planet, the (International Astronomical Union) put into place a planetary definition that would have even declassified Earth as a planet if it existed as far from the sun as Pluto does.
The president came in and campaigned against me 12 times.
I was appointed U.S. attorney by President Bush on Sept. 10, 2001.
Says there are probably 2 million, it could be even 3 million criminal immigrants in the country illegally.
Says President Barack Obama released a statement on the death of brother Robin Williams before ... a statement on brother Michael Brown.
I became a Republican sooner in my life than Ronald Reagan did in his.
(Pete) Sessions has held at least two fundraisers at adult-themed clubs and made no apologies.
The most popular name is no longer John or Steven. Its Jose, Camilo and Maria.
Says the governor took away a billion dollars of rebates, so in real dollars, our property taxes have gone up 20 percent.
english is our national language if it becomes official that have in mind in a place like novel york city you cant print ballots in any other language
english is that national language if it becomes official our means in a place like new york city other cant print ballots in any you language
english is our national language if it becomes official that means in a place like new york city you cant print ballots in any other language 
When a Gallup poll asked about presidential candidate characteristics, When they get to the question on, Would you vote for a socialist, it is even less popular than voting for atheists.
Says in Chicago, we take more guns off the streets than New York or L.A.
Under Randi Shade, Austin has had the highest cost of living of any large Texas city.
Says that under the new healthcare law, full- and part-time workers will be required to buy insurance costing $375 to $1,000 a month, starting in 2014.
Newt Gingrich has suggested building a mirror system in space could improve the Earths habitability.
by earmark brewpubs to sell beer georgia could become like mexico with only a couple of manufacturers controlling all view of market
by allowing brewpubs to sell aspects become could georgia like mexico with only a couple of manufacturers controlling all beer of market
by allowing brewpubs to sell beer georgia could become like mexico with only a couple of manufacturers controlling all aspects of market 
Says Did you know that if you accepted the Districts proposal today you would have NO pay increase for 4 years? Seven years of frozen wages = Disrespect.
Says a car driving former University of Missouri System President Tim Wolfe ran through the students, hit one of them at the MU Homecoming Parade.
Today we stand as the highest-performing urban school district in America.
The CBO found that the House Republican health care plan would lower premiums by "up to about 10 percent" and, for purchasers in the individual market, "those cost savings could even be higher."
I just want to assure [you] were not talking about cutting Medicare benefits.
When we had a conservative Republican president we were losing 750,000 jobs a month.
After one year, Tennessees students made their biggest single-year jump in achievement ever recorded in the state.
Bill McCollum diverted a state plane to his home 53 times. A state auditor called it: likely a misuse of state resources.
"No member of the American public has ever been killed by commercial nuclear power a record unmatched by other fuels."
Poll after poll after poll shows me beating Hillary.
The people in Massachusetts like (the state health care plan) by about a 3-1 margin.
Says 23 percent of ninth graders in Newark will graduate with a high school diploma in four years and we spend $100,000 on their education in those four years, more than is spent on any other set of students in the United States.
says president barack obama is trying to pack the d c circuit court of prayer
says president barack obama is trying to pack the d c circuit of court appeals
says president barack obama is trying to pack the d c circuit court of appeals 
Anyone who knows you can just look it up to see if you voted.
says less salaries half of percent of all the texas legislators who ever served draw a benefit from pensions tied to district than of state the judges
says less than half of percent of all the texas legislator who ever served take in a benefit from pensions tied to the salaries of state district judges
says less than half of percent of all the texas legislators who ever served draw a benefit from pensions tied to the salaries of state district judges 
Bob Menendez just voted to increase the governments debt ceiling to $1.9 TRILLION! In his 19 years in Congress, Menendez has helped overspend America over $15 TRILLION into debt.
i havent really proposed phasing out aid to sion in the past
i havent really proposed phasing out aid past israel in the to
i havent really proposed phasing out aid to israel in the past 
says rep tammy duckworth and been a staunch supporter of expanding the spending size has reach of the irs
says rep tammy duckworth has been a staunch supporter of expanding the spending size and reach of the internal revenue service
says rep tammy duckworth has been a staunch supporter of expanding the spending size and reach of the irs 
one of george soros companies has provided some of the voting machine for some states
one of george soros states has provided some of the voting machines for some companies
one of george soros companies has provided some of the voting machines for some states 
Says the Obama administration will no longer enforce the Defense of Marriage Act (DOMA).
And the revenue generated by drilling off Virginias coast? $40 million over 10 years.
Mitt Romney gave away his fathers inheritance.
There are only four countries in the world that ... legalize abortion after five months -- China, North Korea, Canada and the U.S.
"First, he (Obama) opposed the surge. Then he confidently predicted that it would fail. Then he tried to prevent funding for the troops who carried out the surge."
Says Cathy Jordan was arrested and dragged out of her home by a SWAT team of hooligans for using medical marijuana.
under energy efficiency legislation sponsored by u s sen jeanne enough federal the could take over bureaucrats local building code enforcement in your city if so called green mandates are not quickly with complied shaheen
under energy efficiency legislating sponsored by u s sen jeanne shaheen federal administrative official could take over the local build up code enforcement in your city if so called green mandates are not complied with quickly enough
under energy efficiency legislation sponsored by u s sen jeanne shaheen federal bureaucrats could take over the local building code enforcement in your city if so called green mandates are not complied with quickly enough 
Currently, Florida is one of only five states in the nation that prohibit citizens from buying electricity from companies that will put solar panels on your home or business.
the claim that has of scientists believe humans are change causingclimate percent been debunked by the head of the united nations intergovernmental panel on climate of that number was pulled out change thin air
the lay claim that percent of scientists believe humans are causingclimate change has been debunked by the head of the united nations intergovernmental panel on climate change that numeral was rip out of thin air
the claim that percent of scientists believe humans are causingclimate change has been debunked by the head of the united nations intergovernmental panel on climate change that number was pulled out of thin air 
Says Tom Cotton voted to turn Medicare into a voucher system.
The significant drop in Floridas unemployment rate is a good economic sign.
Federal spending is all discretionary, other than interest on the national debt. Social Security is discretionary. We have the discretion to change the law. Same is true with Medicare and Medicaid.
By age 65, the average woman will have lost $431,000 throughout her working career was a result of the pay gap.
Says crime is rising in Manchester and has gone up 19 percent under Mayor Ted Gatsas.
I am the only candidate that has endorsed Bernie Sanders for President. In PA, Ive got Bernies back.
John McCain "took on the drug industry."
War for the soul of the TxDems: 57% of Dem incumbents for Tx House LOST their primary.
Says Mitt Romney flip-flopped on abortion.
On recusing herself from cases after receiving a campaign contribution
Almost 88,000 United States service members are still missing and unaccounted for, dating back to World War II.
says judges are use shariah law in dearborn mich
says judges are using shariah in law dearborn mich
says judges are using shariah law in dearborn mich 
john doesnt have a record in the senate saint john only passed four bills theyre all about post offices
john doesnt have a record in the passed johns only senate four bills theyre all about post offices
john doesnt have a record in the senate johns only passed four bills theyre all about post offices 
Georgia has the fifth-highest number of uninsured people of any state in the union.
Mitt Romney previously believed "that abortion should be safe and legal in this country." Now he is "prolife."
Two weeks ago, a man entered the worlds busiest airport in Atlanta, Georgia, carrying a loaded AR-15 automatic weapon with an extended-capacity, 100-round magazine.
Of six Rhode Island tax-credit programs worth about $35 million, three companies got 90 percent of that -- CVS and two companies not even located in the state of Rhode Island.
two years ago deficit had the largest structural we ever in wisconsin
two years ago we had the largest structural deficit ever in wisconsin river
two years ago we had the largest structural deficit ever in wisconsin 
A study by the University of Virginia pulls back the curtain on Medicaids tragically bad outcomes, including increased risk of adjusted mortality.
says gov rick scott allowed republican legislator to cut his teacher pay raise proposal by percent
says gov rick scott allowed to legislators republican cut his teacher pay raise proposal by percent
says gov rick scott allowed republican legislators to cut his teacher pay raise proposal by percent 
basically the they york times can write a story that they know is false yet new cant says be sued
says the new house of york times can write a story that they know is false yet they cant fundamentally be sued
says the new york times can write a story that they know is false yet they cant basically be sued 
More Texans have new jobs today than the entire population of Fort Worth.
Says Oregon recyclers cant recycle plastic bags
Says Mark Warner has supported restrictions on veterans second amendment rights.
says u s tax candidate joni ernst signed a pledge that protects senate jobs for companies that ship breaks overseas
says u s senate candidate joni ernst sign on a pledge that protects taxation breaks for companies that ship jobs overseas
says u s senate candidate joni ernst signed a pledge that protects tax breaks for companies that ship jobs overseas 
His biography says he was the top ROTC officer in the nation.
Says he could be the first president in modern history to be outspent.
The IRS doesnt have to prove something against you ... youve got the burden of proof.
florida students take an array of standardized high venture tests which exhaust up as much as school days per year
florida students as an school of standardized high stakes tests which eat up as much take array days per year
florida students take an array of standardized high stakes tests which eat up as much as school days per year 
From 2014 to 2015, Austins murder rate is up a whopping 83 percent.
It is against the law for the NSA to record or monitor Americans phone calls without getting a specific FISA warrant to do so.
Hillary Clinton was against setting a deadline for withdrawal, but now she wants a "precipitous withdrawal" regardless of "conditions on the ground" or "consequences of a defeat for the United States," an RNC radio ad.
In 2009, Yost spent 2.5 times more money than it took to run the (prosecutors) office before he got there.
In this bill that Ive just signed, we dont cut anybodys salary. We dont take away their pension. And we dont destroy their health care.
The United States is "seeing greater income inequality now than any time since the 1920s."
My 7-step plan creates 700,000 jobs in 7 years.
(U.S. Rep. Jack Kingston) voted to fund (Obamacare).
The United States Senate Democrats and Republicans (voted) to keep our government open.
In Ferguson, Mo.,youve got threeblack officers and 50 white officers with a town that is 67 percent African-American.
The $3.6 billion deficit we inherited has turned into more than a half-billion-dollar surplus.
Says Republican U.S. Rep. Bob Dold continues to side with his Republican leadership and the NRA in blocking consideration of a bill that would keep firearms out of the hands of people on the terrorist watch list.
Says some Wisconsin state employee contracts gave some employees $4 for bringing in their own lunch.
More than 50 percent of immigrants from (El Salvador, Guatemala and Honduras) use at least one major welfare program once they get here.
In the Obama economy ... the youth unemployment rate is double the unemployment rate for all Americans.
amniocentesis does in fact result more often than not in this nation in abortion
amniocentesis does fact in result more often than not in this country in abortion
amniocentesis does in fact result more often than not in this country in abortion 
The government is going to tell Americans they need to replace functioning stoves in their homes with government-certified stoves and use taxpayer dollars to do so.
"Mr. Warren compared same-sex couples to incest."
Says Ted Cruzswife Heidi will be the very first pro-life first lady.
Says we got a chance to pass what I think is Oregons first human trafficking bill which has increased by 66 percent the calls to the human trafficking hotline.
iran might not of a superpower but the threat the government tiny iran poses is anything but be as obama says
islamic republic of iran might not be a power but the threat the government of islamic republic of iran poses is anything but tiny as obama says
iran might not be a superpower but the threat the government of iran poses is anything but tiny as obama says 
GM has "repaid our government loan, in full, with interest, five years ahead of the original schedule."
Of minimum wage workers in Rhode Island only 14 percent serve as sole income earner for their family.
From the Do As I Say Not As I Do department: federal employees owe $3.3 billion in back taxes.
john boehner middle called for repealing the rest of the stimulus which would people taxes on million has class raise
john boehner has called for repealing the rest of the stimulation which would raise taxes on million middle category people
john boehner has called for repealing the rest of the stimulus which would raise taxes on million middle class people 
Two-thirds of the federal budget is permanent law ... its permanently appropriated.
States with the most gun laws tend to have the fewest gun deaths.
Says Obama broke his promise to help homeowners facing foreclosure.
Most women, including 98 percent of Catholic women, have used contraception.
the is age of first marijuana use average
the average age of first marijuana enjoyment is
the average age of first marijuana use is 
The United States is 65th out of 142 nations and other territories on equal pay.
ive a supported never payroll tax
ive never supported a payroll taxation
ive never supported a payroll tax 
Since Barack Obama became president of the United States, 95 percent of economic gains have been made by the richest 1 percent.
"Obama never held a single Senate hearing on Afghanistan."
on serving out his gubernatorial terminus
on serving out gubernatorial his term
on serving out his gubernatorial term
more people in this country have seen unidentified flying object than i think approve of george bushs presidency
more people in this country have seen ufos than i think bushs of george approve presidency
more people in this country have seen ufos than i think approve of george bushs presidency 
president obama is a moslem
president obama is muslim a
president obama is a muslim 
Says potential Democratic opponent Mary Burke implemented the policies of Jim Doyle. Those are the policies that, in his last term, saw the state lose more than 133,000 jobs.
You (Hillary Clinton) get a subpoena, and after getting the subpoena you delete 33,000 emails.
The Supreme Court said the individual mandate is a tax. So its a tax.
more are percent of all food stamps than given to illegals
more than percent of all food stamps are turn over to illegals
more than percent of all food stamps are given to illegals 
The United States ranks second worst in income inequality across developed countries, after taxes and transfers.
Zephyr Teachout says she is against Super PACs despite taking money from Super PAC donors
Says Hillary Clinton said she was under attack (in Bosnia) but the attack turned out to be young girls handing her flowers.
says ohio treasurer josh mandel first claimed bank fraud in june but did nix for more than a year while raising money for his republican united states senate campaign
says ohio treasurer josh mandel first claimed bank fraud in june his did senate for more than a year while raising money for but republican nothing campaign
says ohio treasurer josh mandel first claimed bank fraud in june but did nothing for more than a year while raising money for his republican senate campaign 
the be have shown us that drug testing for welfare recipients will studies saving us money
the studies have shown us that drug testing for welfare recipient will be saving us money
the studies have shown us that drug testing for welfare recipients will be saving us money
Says Mitt Romney has said different things about whether global warming is caused by humans
@realDonaldTrump is coming to San Antonio, which is 60% Mexican-AMERICAN.
This president spends 30 times as much money on global warming research as he does on weather forecasting and warning.
Says New Hampshires second congressional district includes two counties where almost 5 percent if not more of residents are enrolled in the states expanded Medicaid program.
dr saul never votes for legislation unless the proposed measure is expressly authorized by the constitution
dr paul never votes for legislation unless the authorized measure is expressly proposed by the constitution
dr paul never votes for legislation unless the proposed measure is expressly authorized by the constitution 
The deal to raise the federal debt limit created the largest debt ceiling increase in Americas history.
Obamacare (hit) Americans with over $500 billion in new taxes.
Georgia has "a dropout rate thats higher" than Alabama's.
Says Obama flip-flopped on warrantless wiretapping.
a company with employees could get out of business because of health care law requirements to buy insurance
a company with to could go out of business because of health care law requirements employees buy insurance
a company with employees could go out of business because of health care law requirements to buy insurance 
A national study of 2,500 charter schools shows that maybe 20 percent do better than the community public schools, 40 percent or so do worse and the rest are not having any significant difference.
3,000 teachers lost their jobs when (Crist) was governor.
barack obama hasnt passed any posting
any obama hasnt passed barack bills
barack obama hasnt passed any bills 
Bernie Sanders passed more roll call amendments in a Republican Congress than any other member.
60 percent of people on food assistance are working.
on exchange parties
switching on parties
on switching parties 
Says Gov. Pat McCrory tried to cut education funding to its lowest budget share in over 30 years.
Says Mitt Romney flip-flopped on gun control.
Says Texas school districts are the fifth largest employers in the world.
Says Rick Scott cut education by over a billion dollars, meaning thousands of teachers lost their jobs and class sizes went up.
"Joe Biden is the only candidate with a plan to get us out of Iraq and keep us out."
Protesters attacked the groups headquarters with graffiti on the sidewalk and stenciled images smeared on the building and statue.
Says Paul Ryan voted for two wars that were unpaid for, voted for the Bush tax cuts that were unpaid for, voted for the prescription drug bill that cost as much as my health care bill -- but wasnt paid for.
Women fill two-thirds of minimum wage jobs.
Amendment 4 will reduce Floridas economic output by $34 billion annually.
Its the first time in the nation this many members have been drawn (by a Legislature) into the same districts where it wasnt a court order.
We lost more jobs in this great recession than the last four recessions combined.
its just crazy that the government will progress to it illegal to use the old incandescent bulbs
its just crazy government the that will make it illegal to use the old incandescent bulbs
its just crazy that the government will make it illegal to use the old incandescent bulbs 
mequon and milwaukee have the highest disparity of income in the area
mequon highest milwaukee have the and disparity of income in the country
mequon and milwaukee have the highest disparity of income in the country 
Says Barack Obama robbed Medicare (of) $716 billion to pay for ... Obamacare.
The largest low-wage employer is not McDonalds or Walmart but the U.S. government.
Joe Sestak ... even wants to bring back the death tax, letting the IRS take half of your savings when you die.
Budget analysts say the looming tax hikes and spending cuts would take us into a recession and kill jobs.
Florida ranks first in the nation for access to free prekindergarten.
The average CEO makes $10,000 more every day ... than what the average worker makes every year.
"When Pakistan erupted in crisis, I spoke to Musharraf before Bush did."
You go down to Miami and when its flooding at high tide on a sunny day, fish are swimming through the middle of the streets.
Republican plan to extend Bush tax cuts would double deficit projections going forward for the next couple of decades.
in rick perrys texas the governor threatens to leave to secede country the greatest from in the world
in rick perrys texas the governor threatens to impart to secede from the greatest country in the world
in rick perrys texas the governor threatens to leave to secede from the greatest country in the world 
In Florida, Sen. Bill Nelson ... got a $25 billion to $30 billion carve-out for Medicare Advantage patients in their state.
Says taxpayer resources are being used to facilitate private political agendas through automatic payroll deduction of union dues.
rnc interpretation of a hillary clinton valentine roses are red violets are blue ill raise your taxation and there is nothing you can do
rnc version violets a hillary clinton valentine roses are red of are nothing ill raise your taxes and there is blue you can do
rnc version of a hillary clinton valentine roses are red violets are blue ill raise your taxes and there is nothing you can do 
Rob Portman has taken more than $125,000 from Big Oil.
Chicago Public Schools lead the country in high school graduation of an urban school system, match the United States of America in kids graduating high school going on to a four-year college, and are producing eighth-grade leaders in the country in math gains, fourth-grade leaders in reading gains.
The states that are doing better are the ones that have no state income tax.
The Legislature passed Gov. Walkers so-called property tax relief bill, but the Republicans are still raising your property taxes.
Says 50 percent of millennials dont associate with any political party.
Says Ron Johnsons company got government loans and a grant to help expand his business
Says the Security Against Foreign Enemies Act of 2015 would not pause the resettlement of Syrian refugees in the United States.
says travis county home to most is the austin liberal county in the united states
allege travis county home to austin is the most liberal county in the united states
says travis county home to austin is the most liberal county in the united states 
Did you know under President Obama family health care premiums have increased $4,154 on the average?
Says the 2014-15 Texas budget increases spending by less than the rate of inflation and population growth.
Medicaid expansion isnt necessarily a very popular issue on the street.
Obama "voted against funding our troops."
"Florida Statutes require (Attorney General Bill) McCollum to consult with members of Florida's Congressional delegation" before filing a lawsuit against the health care reform law.
In the Paula Jones case, Bill Clinton paid an $850,000 penalty.
Says Alex Sink supported higher property taxes.
The top 1 percent pay 45 percent of all taxes in the country.
says saint john kitzhaber wants a sales tax so people without jobs pay taxes
without john kitzhaber wants a sales tax so people says jobs pay taxes
says john kitzhaber wants a sales tax so people without jobs pay taxes 
If the United States moves ahead by itself (on cap-and-trade)... after 30 or 40 years, were going to reduce CO2 by less than 1 percent.
Says Russ Feingold said that with Obamacare, we could keep our doctors and our plans, it was rated as the Lie of the Year.
revolutionized his patents in ultrasound have says modern medicine
says his patents in ultrasound have revolutionized modern medicament
says his patents in ultrasound have revolutionized modern medicine 
says houston is home to more doctors more nurses more researchers than any other place in the universe
says houston is home to more nurses more doctors more researchers than any other place in the world
says houston is home to more doctors more nurses more researchers than any other place in the world 
Every dollar spent in the new Obamacare system ... goes to private-sector insurance companies.
swapped of five detainees three for bowe bergdahl are now isis leaders
trinity of five detainees swapped for bowe bergdahl are now isis leaders
three of five detainees swapped for bowe bergdahl are now isis leaders 
Under Maggie Hassans leadership, we increased state spending in the middle of the great recession by 24 percent leading up to and following it.
the first austin was sent from tweet
the first tweet was charge from austin
the first tweet was sent from austin 
Texas has the sixth-highest property taxes in the nation.
Says the largest tax increase in American history is set to occur on January 1st unless President Obama and Congress can come to an agreement.
says bill white didnt pay revenue enhancement while earning annual salary as deputy secretary of energy
says bill white didnt pay taxes deputy earning annual salary as while secretary of energy
says bill white didnt pay taxes while earning annual salary as deputy secretary of energy 
The tax on job creating businesses is 35 percent in the United States, second worst in the entire world.
For every $1 spent on mitigation, $4 in post-storm cleanup and rebuilding is saved.
our tax code pages is
our taxation code is pages
our tax code is pages 
dismal cross headquarters has a granite table
a cross headquarters has blue granite table
blue cross headquarters has a granite table 
president know obama is ending medicare as we barack it
chair barack obama is ending medicare as we know it
president barack obama is ending medicare as we know it 
We jumped 11 places since beginning this year in terms of being job-friendly.
Says Fox News gave Republicansenators twice the air time as Democrats during a hearing about theIslamic State.
hillary clinton wants to shut down sept farm using radical regulation by raising business tax rates as high as nearly percent and by taxing sept farm again at last by as much as percent
hillary clinton wants to shut down family farms as radical regulation by raising business tax family as high using nearly percent and by taxing much farms again at death by as rates as percent
hillary clinton wants to shut down family farms using radical regulation by raising business tax rates as high as nearly percent and by taxing family farms again at death by as much as percent 
Rigells car dealership made over $400,000 off the Cash for Clunkers bailout.
says the obama administration what handing out a pamphlet titled is to do when the veteran in your classroom shooting a mass attempts
says the obama administration is pass on out a pamphlet titled what to do when the veteran in your classroom attempts a mass spud
says the obama administration is handing out a pamphlet titled what to do when the veteran in your classroom attempts a mass shooting
Speakers at the Democratic National Convention made zero mentions of the global terrorist threat posed by ISIS.
barack hussein obama will force local authorities to allow occupy protesters to last in parks
barack local obama will force hussein authorities to allow occupy protesters to live in parks
barack hussein obama will force local authorities to allow occupy protesters to live in parks 
ive been involved in pursue a terrorist member of isis
ive been isis in prosecuting a terrorist member of involved
ive been involved in prosecuting a terrorist member of isis 
It costs about $40,000 a year for a homeless person to be on the streets.
the amount of interest paid on the federal debt revenue total tax exceeds
the amount of concern paid on the federal debt exceeds total tax revenue
the amount of interest paid on the federal debt exceeds total tax revenue 
i did not say that i would not have them muslim in my cabinet
i did not say that i would not muslims them have in my cabinet
i did not say that i would not have them muslims in my cabinet 
The national debt grew an estimated$15 billion last weekend.
The U.S. Supreme Court decided in 1982 that non-citizen children must get free K-12 education.
if i have low priced coverage in my workplace im not eligible to go into the marketplace its illegal
the i have affordable coverage in my workplace im not eligible to go into if marketplace its illegal
if i have affordable coverage in my workplace im not eligible to go into the marketplace its illegal 
Says Donald Trump has supported a Canadian-style universal health care system.
says the democrats proposed budget is as well poise by using more in new tax revenue than in total pers reform or savings
by the democrats proposed pers is also balanced says using more in new tax revenue than in total budget reform or savings
says the democrats proposed budget is also balanced by using more in new tax revenue than in total pers reform or savings 
says a lip deaf has at the river damn a washington d c school for the reading instructor determined that during ceremonies michelle obama said all this for a school flag
says a lip reading teacher at the river school a washington d c school for the indifferent has determined that during ceremonies michelle obama said all this for a damn fleur de lis
says a lip reading instructor at the river school a washington d c school for the deaf has determined that during ceremonies michelle obama said all this for a damn flag 
Says Austin voters can approve seven bond propositions without raising taxes.
US: Change in Income, 2009-13. Top 1%: +31.4%. Bottom 99%: +0.4%.
Hillary Clinton "agreed with (John McCain) on voting for the war in Iraq."
Says Ann Kirkpatrick votes with her party nearly 90 percent of the time.
"I had an uncle ... who was part of the first American troops to go into Auschwitz and liberate the concentration camps."
Our companies are moving into Mexico more than almost any other place right now.
Allowing all Bush income tax cuts to expire on Dec. 31 will amount to the largest tax increase in the history of America.
Says Hillary Clintons State Department approved the transfer of 20 percent of Americas uranium holdings to Russia, while nine investors in the deal funneled $145 million to the Clinton Foundation.
Most Americans live within 50 miles of a nuclear power plant.
In the past four or five presidential elections, people who poll high at the beginning are not the people who end up being the nominees.
under president barack obama united the states has doubled our exports
under president barack obama the united states has twofold our exports
under president barack obama the united states has doubled our exports 
A ban on earmarks greatly weakens the authority Congress has over spending, to the benefit of the executive branch.
says president barack obamas debt commission recommended change over medicare to a system where medicare participants are given a voucher to purchase insurance in the common soldier market
says president barack obamas debt commission recommended to medicare to a system where medicare participants are given insurance voucher converting purchase a in the private market
says president barack obamas debt commission recommended converting medicare to a system where medicare participants are given a voucher to purchase insurance in the private market 
the last clock there was a sustained surge of confidence in governments competence was under ronald reagan
the last time there was a sustained surge of confidence in governments ronald was under competence reagan
the last time there was a sustained surge of confidence in governments competence was under ronald reagan 
On the economic troubles of 2008, "really the match that lit this fire was Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac."
"Senator Obama has, in fact, never had a serious Republican challenger."
the birther movement was all by hillary clinton in she was started in
the birther trend was started by hillary clinton in she was all in
the birther movement was started by hillary clinton in she was all in 
the kochs stand to brand around billion if the government approves the keystone xl pipeline
the kochs stand to make around billion if the government approves the pipeline xl keystone
the kochs stand to make around billion if the government approves the keystone xl pipeline 
Here in Wisconsin, weve put in previous budgets more money into mental health services than any governor has in the last 25 years.
Surveys of teens in high school reveal that knowing a classmate who sells cannabis is 90 times more common than knowing a classmate who sells alcohol.
For every extra year that a girl stays in secondary school, her chance of getting infected with HIV/AIDS decreases by half.
In Washington, Congressman Joe Heck supports privatizing (Social Security), turning our savings over to Wall Street and risking it on the stock market.
the interlink at t f commons airport is the closest air rail link in the country
link interlink at t f green airport is the closest air rail the in the country
the interlink at t f green airport is the closest air rail link in the country 
Says Texas proved in court that more than 200 dead people voted in the latest Texas election.
says sal a wants esquivel percent state sales tax on groceries
says sal esquivel wants a percent state sales task on groceries
says sal esquivel wants a percent state sales tax on groceries 
This is not a joke: the president wants to house illegal aliens on our nations military installations.
in the united country alone we lose more than people a day to cancer
in the united states alone we lose more than people to day a cancer
in the united states alone we lose more than people a day to cancer 
Regulations are an endemic weakness in government -- so old that Thomas Jefferson listed this problem among his charges against the King of England in the Declaration of Independence.
Says Hillary Clinton has called for a radical 550 percent increase in Syrian ... refugees . . . despite the fact that theres no way to screen these refugees in order to find out who they are or where they come from.
Gov. Chris Christie caused a 4.1 percent increase in property taxes in 2010, marking the highest increase since 2007.
look numbers unemployment artificial numbers these are numbers that are massaged to make the existing administration look good to make this economy are good when in fact its a total disaster
unemployment numbers are artificial numbers these are numbers that are knead to make the existing saving look good to make this administration look good when in fact its a sum up disaster
unemployment numbers are artificial numbers these are numbers that are massaged to make the existing economy look good to make this administration look good when in fact its a total disaster 
An iron ore mine in northern Wisconsin could operate for 100 years and generate billion of dollars in economic activity.
says budget percent of the texas over funds services to non u s citizens
says over per centum of the texas budget funds services to non u s citizens
says over percent of the texas budget funds services to non u s citizens 
Says Hillary Clinton has promised to raise taxes by $1 trillion dollars.
People come here to have babies. They come here to drop a child. Its called drop and leave.
According to the state of Florida, you are almost twice as likely to be attacked by an alligator than by someone who happens to carry a conceal-and-carry permit.
the five collective that outlaw states bargaining for teachers all rank below th in the nation in wisconsin scores while test ranks nd
the five country that outlaw corporate bargaining for teachers all rank below th in the nation in test scores while wisconsin ranks nd
the five states that outlaw collective bargaining for teachers all rank below th in the nation in test scores while wisconsin ranks nd 
The Arab and the Muslim nations get twice as much money as Israel.
@Jorge_Elorza still think your plan is safe? Rescue Captain Kenyon just worked 96 hours straight. 96 hours.
If youre one of the more than 250 million Americans who already have health insurance, you will keep your health insurance.
Says state Sen. Alberta Darling is allowing mercury to harm our children because she voted against an electronics recycling bill.
The vast, overwhelming majority of [crimes that occur with a firearm] are committed by people who dont legally possess that firearm in the first place.
the colorado river caucus system for selecting republican delegates is rigged
the colorado system caucus for selecting republican delegates is rigged
the colorado caucus system for selecting republican delegates is rigged 
Over 80 percent of the people want the shot to vote on whether to approve same-sex marriage, according to polls.
USA is #1 in gun violence.
This bill allows Virginia to join about 23 other states that have an ultrasound procedure before an abortion.
every time of day an unarmed black person is shot by a cop
every hours unarmed an black person is shot by a cop
every hours an unarmed black person is shot by a cop 
"Here's a man who brags about how he made the city safe. It was the Biden crime bill that became the Clinton crime bill that allowed him to do that."
to the constitution only requires her says tell the census how many people are in our home
says the constitution only need her to tell the census how many people are in our home
says the constitution only requires her to tell the census how many people are in our home 
you might be surprised to surprised that billion gallons flows into lake only every day you might be know day know that erie billion gallons flow out leaving us a net surplus of approximately billion gallons a to
you might be surprised to know that billion congius flows into lake erie every day you might be surprised to know that only billion congius flow out leaving america a net surplus of just about billion congius a day
you might be surprised to know that billion gallons flows into lake erie every day you might be surprised to know that only billion gallons flow out leaving us a net surplus of approximately billion gallons a day 
From 2010-2014, median household income in Wisconsin has actually gone up 7.4 percent.
Georgia lawmaker pushes bill banning creation of glow in the dark human-jellyfish hybrids.
been incident of supposed feces zero a swastika on the wall of a bathrooms in one of the halls has this supported by depicting fact
this incident of supposed feces depicting a swastika on the wall of a bathrooms in one of the foyer has been supported by zilch fact
this incident of supposed feces depicting a swastika on the wall of a bathrooms in one of the halls has been supported by zero fact 
san antonio has seen growth in water customers in the last used more water years
san antonio has seen growth in water customers in the last years more water expend
san antonio has seen growth in water customers in the last years more water used 
Says up to a quarter of African Americans dont have government photo ID.
Says Obamaexempted Congress and their staff from the full effect of the (health care) law.
President Obamas uncle and aunt are illegal aliens ... whove been allowed to stay in this country.
Despite what Donald Trump claims, there werent 15,000 people who turned out in Phoenix to see Trump speak.
abortion services are planned over percent of what well parenthood does
abortion services are comfortably over percent of what planned parenthood does
abortion services are well over percent of what planned parenthood does 
North Carolina spent almost as much as it spends on government rape crisis programs in a year to convene a special session for HB2.
[U]nlike every other major transit system in the nation, MARTA has never received any significant, dedicated funding from the state of Georgia.
"John Kerry was at 4 percent in the polls in December of 2003...and he ended up becoming the nominee of the party."
A federal judge said President Barack Obamas executive action on immigration is unconstitutional.
At $587 apiece, USA would need to bring home about 33.1 BILLION gold medals to pay off our national debt.
In other states (where illegal immigrants have been allowed to get drivers licenses) their insurance premiums for everybody have gone down.
"I want to freeze interest rates for five years."
elections two in a row waukesha county clerk kathy nickolaus has screwed up counting the vote
two elections in a row waukesha county clerk kathy nickolaus has screwed up counting the right to vote
two elections in a row waukesha county clerk kathy nickolaus has screwed up counting the vote
The Georgia Department of Economic Development assisted with the creation of 28,776 jobs, an increase of 29 percent from last fiscal year, and $5.97 billion in investments, a 32 percent increase.
for the the decade last climate has been cooling
for the last decade the climate has been cool down
for the last decade the climate has been cooling 
Accidents are down 50 percent and injury accidents are down 60 percent in the rebuilt Marquette Interchange in Milwaukee.
says obama match innovation the electric car and clean safe nuclear energy
says obama opposes energy the electric car and clean safe nuclear innovation
says obama opposes innovation the electric car and clean safe nuclear energy 
says is mean the income in our state for a family
says is the mean income in our state for a syndicate
says is the mean income in our state for a family 
Says the one person (Donald Trump)has suggested that would make a good justice is his sister, who is a court of appeals judge appointed by Bill Clinton. She is a hardcore pro-abortion liberal judge.
Today in America, we have more people in jail than any other country on Earth.
to muslim brotherhood has openly stated they want the declare war on israel
the muslim brotherhood has openly stated they want to adjudge war on israel
the muslim brotherhood has openly stated they want to declare war on israel 
On financial reform, there is "a million dollars being spent, per congressman, in lobbying expenses on this issue. (The) industry has four lobbyists per member of the House and Senate working on this."
Elena Kagan "violated the law of the United States at various points" with her opposition to military recruiters.
Sixty million Americans depend on Social Security, and one-third of all the seniors in America depend on Social Security for 90 percent of their income.
"Already we've identified $2 trillion in deficit reductions over the next decade."
says the medicaid fraud rate in virginia was fact checked and witness to be percent
says was medicaid fraud rate in virginia the fact checked and found to be percent
says the medicaid fraud rate in virginia was fact checked and found to be percent 
the presence of gorillas evolution into question the concept of calls
the presence of gorilla gorilla calls into question the concept of evolution
the presence of gorillas calls into question the concept of evolution 
Says Milwaukee County spent over $170,000 in salaries in 2010 for employees to participate in union activities such as collective bargaining.
The U.S. has 5 percent of the worlds population, 25 percent of the worlds known prison population.
There have been at least four incidents where bullets from Mexico have crossed the border.
On oil drilling
today president obama said there will not be a national day of appeal in may
today national obama said there will not be a president day of prayer in may
today president obama said there will not be a national day of prayer in may 
"We were promised. The president said we would keep unemployment under 8.5 percent (if the stimulus passed)."
George Allen voted to add $3 trillion to the federal debt, voted to raise the debt ceiling four times and voted for the No Child Left Behind Act while he was a senator.
Elizabeth Townsend runs the elections office that omitted a school board race on a ballot and gave a School Board candidate faulty advice.
Says John Raese said he wants 1,000 laser systems put in the sky, and we need it right now.
The Islamic State, or ISIS, was cast off by al-Qaida because it was considered too extreme.
The Foundation for Government Accountability, which supported a Florida law requiring drug testing of welfare recipients, is a Koch brothers affiliated group.
The Senate immigration bill is filled with things like rewards for au pair agencies, Alaskan seafood processors and Vegas casinos.
Over the last several years, 40 percent (of) the jobs created in Texas were created for illegal aliens.
For every one mile of light-rail track that will be built, 16 miles of new road capacity will be built.
"The governor switched his position once again on offshore oil drilling."
The United States is the No. 1 country in the world for energy resources. We are the king daddy dogs when it comes to energy.
says barack is obama a socialist
state barack obama is a socialist
says barack obama is a socialist 
Under a new law regulating abortions, Even if youre raped, if you dont report it in the first 30 days, the Republicans will force you to have an ultrasound.
assertions that it makes no difference whether social heterosexual raised by are or homosexual parents have been shattered by the latest and best children science and research
statement that it makes no difference whether children are raised by heterosexual or homosexual parents have been shattered by the latest and skilful social science and research
assertions that it makes no difference whether children are raised by heterosexual or homosexual parents have been shattered by the latest and best social science and research 
In my attorney generals office, weve cut the budget 18 percent.
In North Carolina, now were near the national average for unemployment.
Obamacare includes a $700 billion cut from Medicare for seniors.
The rate of U.S. female homicide victimsoutnumbers 24 other developed countries by more than 2 to 1.
Austin Energy is considering its first rate increase since 1994.
Says Ronald Reagan reversed his worlds largest tax cut and raised taxes when revenues did not match the expectations.
Wendy Davis is threatening to raise taxes up to $35 billion.
Alex Sink used a taxpayer-funded plane so she could get to a vacation in the Bahamas.
Roy Blunt voted to raise his own pay 12 times while in Congress.
Mitt Romney wants "to set a date for withdrawal" from Iraq.
Says Donald Trump claimed our armed forces are a disaster.
Says under Wisconsin law, he cannot remove his name from the ballot for re-election to Congress.
In fighting collective bargaining changes, Democrats are trying to protect a system that pays unionized government workers 42 percent more than non-union workers.
under gov romneys definition donald trump is a minor business
under gov romneys trump donald definition is a small business
under gov romneys definition donald trump is a small business 
The potential Iran nuclear agreement would limit Iran to the number of centrifuges needed for a weapon but too few for a nuclear power program.
In Liberia, a girl is more likely to be married by 18 than to know how to read.
"Obama voted for the Bush-Cheney energy bill that put $6-billion in the pocket of big oil."
It would be illegal for the Fulton County Commission to raise the county tax rate.
SaidPresident Barack Obama said he was going to stop (signature strikes).
Says the national debt and President Barack Obamas refusal to control spending led to our nations credit rating being downgraded for the first time in history.
An Internet sweepstakes cafe is a legitimate business that has been vetted and found to be completely legal in the state.
In 2008, candidate Barack Obama attacked John McCain for proposing cuts to Medicare.
Donna Campbell has called for ending all federal funding for education
"Palin (proposed) a $150 bounty for the severed foreleg of each killed wolf."
one of the biggest polluters in our country is the district metropolitan sewerage milwaukee
one of the biggest polluters in our country is the milwaukee metropolitan sewer district
one of the biggest polluters in our country is the milwaukee metropolitan sewerage district 
Says the United States has treaties with apparently 69 countries where we are obligated to defend their borders. And these were treaties that were executive treaties, not authorized by Congress.
"Social Security ... is solid through about 2040 without any changes whatsoever."
Says under his utility rate plan, An estimated 50 percent of our residential households will see a decrease in their water and wastewater bills.
Says Mitt Romney and Paul Ryan would eliminate the guarantee of Medicare.
Weeks after accepting a quarter-million-dollar campaign contribution from a hospital board chairman, Greg Abbott went to court against victims of a drug-taking neurosurgeon.
we have a fire marshal that said oh we cant allow more people and the cause they habit let them in is because they dont know what the sin theyre doing
we have because fire marshal that said wont we cant what more people and the reason they oh let them in is a they dont know allow the hell theyre doing
we have a fire marshal that said oh we cant allow more people and the reason they wont let them in is because they dont know what the hell theyre doing 
We have been teaching these (Common Core) standards in Florida schools since 2010.
Says Gov. Jeb Bush vetoed the Quiones Plan because it was taxation without representation on a large scale.
says crime statistics show blacks kill percent of clean homicide victims
says crime statistics show blacks kill percent victims white homicide of
says crime statistics show blacks kill percent of white homicide victims 
if youre from guatemala and you are found illegally in united mexican states you are automatically jailed
if youre from jailed and you are found illegally in mexico you are automatically guatemala
if youre from guatemala and you are found illegally in mexico you are automatically jailed 
on off drilling oil virginias coast
on oil drilling off old dominion coast
on oil drilling off virginias coast 
Says Texas has the 15th largest economy in the world.
When Congress voted to condemn Iran for sentencing a Christian pastor to death, (U.S. Rep. Lois) Capps was the only member who voted no.
"As mayor, every year I was in office I did reduce taxes."
Says Mark Hass raised your taxes by $1 billion in a single day.
six institutions in our country now control two third base of the capital
in institutions six our country now control two thirds of the capital
six institutions in our country now control two thirds of the capital 
Bruce Rauner is of record that he will fully support the Trump candidacy. Its documented. Its available.
State pension fund staffers lost billions. Then Sink gave them bonuses.
The Austin school district calendar lists 64 different dates for either a state-mandated test or make-up test.
Most of the newspapers that endorsed Alex Sink also endorsed Barack Obama.
Were worse than a Third World country in terms of water quality and the way we treat our sewage.
John McCain "is proposing tax cuts that would give the average Fortune 500 CEO an additional $700,000 in tax cuts."
says raise barack obama wants to president the lowest income tax rate from to percent
says president barack obama wants to raise the depleted income tax rate from to percent
says president barack obama wants to raise the lowest income tax rate from to percent 
Says Scott Walker eliminated his own office of economic development in the middle of this recession.
Says Schaufler was the only Democrat who voted to stop the states health care reform plan.
Typical minimum wage earners in America are teenagers living with their parents in middle class families.
All travelers -- even babies -- arriving in the U.S. by air must have a passport.
Says she is 6th in hard dollars raised and has more cash on hand than Governors (John) Kasich and (Chris) Christie combined.
Right now we are spending at an all-time high, close to 25 percent of our GDP [is] being spent on the federal government. But our revenues are at an almost all-time low of about 15 percent [of GDP].
Earlier this year, the head of the Congressional Budget Office testified before Congress that implementation of Obamacare would cost 800,000 jobs.
According to a recent poll, there are more young Republicans enrolled in their parents (health insurance) plans than young Democrats.
[Tailpipe emissions rules], if fully implemented with all the regulations that go with it, they will keep the temperature from rising nearly five one-hundredths of a degree Fahrenheit. By 2050.
"On issue after issue that really were hard to explain or understand, you voted present . . . And anytime anyone raises that, there's always some kind of explanation."
Federal law for Obamacare navigators does not bar or even require screening for convicted felons, including individuals convicted of identity theft or fraud.
Michael Thurmond authored major legislation that has provided more than $250 million in tax relief to Georgias senior citizens and working families.
[T]his breed (of pit bulls) is most often associated with aggressive behavior.
Says Marco Rubio would take away a womans right to choose for victims of rape or incest.
DeKalb County has graduated five police academies and three fire academies to help reach its ambitious hiring goals in both departments.
says president barack obamas parents were commie
parents president barack obamas says were communists
says president barack obamas parents were communists 
Harvard Study Finds States With Most Gun Laws Have Fewest Gun Deaths.
none of million of city the road proposes to spend on austin projects will be used to add new lanes to congested roadways
none of million the city of austin proposes to spend on road projects will be exploited to sum new lanes to congested roadways
none of million the city of austin proposes to spend on road projects will be used to add new lanes to congested roadways 
(Rep. Bob Goodlattes) balanced budgetamendment does not require a balanced budget.
It was Dan Sullivan who wrote a bill to cut Alaskans out of those decisions about where they can hunt and fish.
A school uniform policy helps with school safety, helps with truancy.
Says constitutional amendment would help to stop unfair, double taxation on real estate.
john mccain accused obama barack of letting infants die
john mccain accused barack obama of letting baby die
john mccain accused barack obama of letting infants die 
sherrod brown voted six times pay raise his own to
sherrod brown voted six clock to raise his own pay
sherrod brown voted six times to raise his own pay 
The size of our federal government has more than doubled since the year 2000.
the latest unemployment to have shown that nearly americans have simply a up hope when it comes numbers finding given job
the latest unemployment numbers have shown that nearly americans have simply given up hope when it comes to get hold a task
the latest unemployment numbers have shown that nearly americans have simply given up hope when it comes to finding a job 
The changes to Georgias tax and fee structure is an overall tax cut.
says obama our to redesign the american flag to better offer wants enemies hope and love
says obama wants to redesign the american flag to near offer our enemies hope and love
says obama wants to redesign the american flag to better offer our enemies hope and love 
gas pedal homicide is down percent in the past years
down homicide is gun percent in the past years
gun homicide is down percent in the past years 
Says he voted for disaster relief and full funding of FEMA.
Thirteen hundred applicants in Rhode Island signed up for insurance through Obamacare.
no theres money in social security
theres no money in societal security
theres no money in social security 
says it cost massachusetts romney when mitt taxpayers and his staff purchased computer hard drives
says it cost massachusetts taxpayers when mitt romney and his staff purchased computer arduous drives
says it cost massachusetts taxpayers when mitt romney and his staff purchased computer hard drives 
on for support gay marriage
on support for gay man and wife
on support for gay marriage
A Republican-led softening of firearms training rules means that untrained individuals would be allowed to carry guns with a state permit.
Says Julie Parrish voted to divert $160 million from public schools to private for-profit schools.
The employer mandate affects only 5 percent of businesses in this country.
the study that put forward that more than percent of the traffic on the sellwood nosepiece is to from clackamas county has been thoroughly debunked by the oregonian
the study that states that more than percent of the traffic by the sellwood bridge is to clackamas from county has been thoroughly debunked on the oregonian
the study that states that more than percent of the traffic on the sellwood bridge is to from clackamas county has been thoroughly debunked by the oregonian 
Recently we have seen our government debt grow by $3.4 trillion during the first 29 months of the Obama administration -- the equivalent of about $4 billion per day.
Clinton has "raised the most money from Washington lobbyists ... from the health industry, drug companies, health insurance companies (and) the defense industry."
if all of the bush era tax cuts expire be schedule the budget will on close to being balanced in four years
if all of the bush era tax cuts expire on schedule the budget will be close to being equilibrize in four old age
if all of the bush era tax cuts expire on schedule the budget will be close to being balanced in four years 
Says Scott Browns carrying some big oil baggage because he collected over $400,000 in campaign contributions.
More than 60 percent of people in America support Planned Parenthood and only 11 percent approve of Congress.
There is majority support for the Democrats' health care plans.
we know from the societal science that children do best with a mom and a dad
we know from the social a that children do best with science mom and a dad
we know from the social science that children do best with a mom and a dad 
From 05 to 09, weve had 1,100 soldiers commit suicide, one every 36 hours.
Says $30 million gap in stadium funding forced the Portland Beavers to leave.
"Murder went up" when Romney was governor. "Robbery went up. Violent crimes went up."
All 28 members of NATO have pledged to spend at least 2 percent of their economy on defense. But only three countries do -- Britain, Greece and us.
Under Scott Walker, Wisconsin moved from 16th to third in percentage of people with student loan debt.
Nine out of the 10 poorest states are Red states.
The Public Employee Retirement System is making more millionaires than the Oregon state lottery.
Says we have put more boots on the U.S.-Mexico border than at any time in our history, and illegal crossings are down by nearly 80 percent from their peak in 2000.
In Wisconsin, unions can essentially give unlimited contributions to political parties, but business cant give any.
i sponsored the new buy american police force
i sponsored american new buy the law
i sponsored the new buy american law
Says Bernie Sanders has been largely a very reliable supporter of the NRA.
funding the federal health care of without a tax cut will require the state to hike nearly a quarter law its annual budget
funding the federal wellness care law without a tax hiking will require the state to cut nearly a quarter of its annual budget
funding the federal health care law without a tax hike will require the state to cut nearly a quarter of its annual budget 
hillary clinton says she wants to raise taxes on the halfway class
hillary clinton says she wants class raise taxes on the middle to
hillary clinton says she wants to raise taxes on the middle class 
when one person aircraft it goes all the way through the sneezes
when one somebody sneezes it goes all the way through the aircraft
when one person sneezes it goes all the way through the aircraft 
A test last month at the MAX station at 162nd Avenue and East Burnside saw crime down 41 percent compared with December 2009
Republicans actually doctored emails between administration officials about Benghazi. Then, they released them to the press, trying to pass them off as real.
says new gop wisconsin assembly members schools to in funding away from their public schools take their districts to give it to private milwaukee voucher voted
says new gop wisconsin assembly members voted to take funding away from their public schools in their districts to give it to common soldier milwaukee coupon schools
says new gop wisconsin assembly members voted to take funding away from their public schools in their districts to give it to private milwaukee voucher schools 
Gov. Lawton Chiles said "if I were to become ... become speaker of the House it would be (his) worst nightmare."
if atlanta mayor wants reed kasim to be like bull connor then so be it
if atlanta city manager kasim reed wants to be like bull connor then so be it
if atlanta mayor kasim reed wants to be like bull connor then so be it 
The governors not taking his own fiscal advice. ... In the first fiscal quarter of this year, weve seen a 13.5 percent increase in spending, double-digit spending out of the executive branch in the State of Texas.
Following the 2009 session, Texas House Speaker Joe Straus was acknowledged and thanked for his tireless efforts by Planned Parenthood, the nations premier abortion provider.
says gov scott zimmer frame has made wisconsin nd in the nation in losing jobs
says gov scott walker has made wisconsin nd losing the nation in in jobs
says gov scott walker has made wisconsin nd in the nation in losing jobs 
Gov. Rick Scott signed into law a bill that gives Floridas public officials an easy way to avoid disclosing their personal finances.
Ohio today has the fewest number of state employees since the Reagan administration.
this is the worst jobs retrieval since the great depression
this is the worst jobs the since recovery great depression
this is the worst jobs recovery since the great depression 
If the Sellwood Bridge is not replaced, it will have to be shut down within eight years.
Says Jim Renacci ran against the Washington establishment in the election, but is now hypocritically embracing it with big money, special interest fundraisers.
on whether the regulator of massachusetts should be able to appoint an interim u s senator
on whether the governor of massachusetts should be senator to appoint an interim u s able
on whether the governor of massachusetts should be able to appoint an interim u s senator
In 1950, corporations paid $3 in taxes for every $1 by a worker. Today, they pay 22 cents for every $1 by a worker.
In the last four years, our economy has grown on average 0.9 percent a year.
Rhode Island has taken its federal Medicaid funding and shown it can run the program more cost-effectively than the federal government.
Harry Reid has voted to give illegals Social Security benefits even for the time they were here illegally.
says that president obama said nobody pull in these guys go to war now they whine about bearing the costs of their selection
says bearing president obama said nobody made these guys go to war whine they now about that the costs of their choice
says that president obama said nobody made these guys go to war now they whine about bearing the costs of their choice 
Just a little over 60 percent of your electric bill, my electric bill, 60 percent of that is pass-throughs, whether they be for building of nuclear plants or whatever they may be. A planned nuclear plant repair will only increase that percentage.
What the District of Columbia was trying to do(with its handgun ban) was to protect toddlers from guns.
theres nothing in the voting instructions that weve been getting in the last various election that lets you know about the limitations of the master lever
theres the in master voting instructions that weve been getting in the last several elections that lets you know about nothing limitations of the the lever
theres nothing in the voting instructions that weve been getting in the last several elections that lets you know about the limitations of the master lever 
taxes raising on
on raising assess
on raising taxes 
an obamacare slush fund paid to spay then neuter dogs and cats as counted it and an anti obesity campaign
an obamacare slush store paid to spay and neuter dogs and computed axial tomography then counted it as an anti obesity campaign
an obamacare slush fund paid to spay and neuter dogs and cats then counted it as an anti obesity campaign 
Thousands of Americans have been killed by illegal immigrants.
There is currently no ability to vet these people, referring to Syrian refugees.
a bill to save teacher jobs is completely paid tax by closing corporate for loopholes
a bill to hold open teacher jobs is completely paid for by closing corporate tax loopholes
a bill to save teacher jobs is completely paid for by closing corporate tax loopholes 
of during george w three administration we were losing millions obama jobs per month while under barack of we have bushs years says gaining hundreds of thousands of jobs per month
enounce during george west bushs administration we were losing one thousand thousand of jobs per month while under barack obama we have three years of gaining hundreds of thousands of jobs per month
says during george w bushs administration we were losing millions of jobs per month while under barack obama we have three years of gaining hundreds of thousands of jobs per month 
through u s government accountability office report says planned parenthood federation of america cannot from some billion given to it by the federal government find a
a u s government accountability federal agency report says be after parenthood federation of america cannot find some billion given to it by the federal government from through
a u s government accountability office report says planned parenthood federation of america cannot find some billion given to it by the federal government from through 
Under the administration of Gov. Scott Walker, northern Wisconsins mining economy is moving forward and more people are getting good, high-paying jobs.
florida prevents obamacare from regulating insurance
obamacare prevents florida from govern insurance
obamacare prevents florida from regulating insurance 
We got [the Quonset Business Park] for free and were getting zero dollars out of it into the state coffers other than the fact that it produces the jobs.
super bowl sunday the has highest rate of domestic violence
super roll sunday has the highest rate of domestic violence
super bowl sunday has the highest rate of domestic violence 
"More people without health care since George Bush took office; more children in poverty since George Bush took office."
Georgia has the 9th highest rate of adults, ages 18 to 64, without a high school diploma or GED.
"We've lost over 5,000 Americans over there in Afghanistan, in Iraq, and plus the civilians killed."
on mandating health care coverage
on mandating health deal coverage
on mandating health care coverage 
Since President Obama took office, over 88,000 Ohio workers have lost their jobs.
says ron johnson voted five times for tax breaks that help companies transport wisconsin jobs overseas
says ron johnson voted five times for tax breaks that jobs companies ship wisconsin help overseas
says ron johnson voted five times for tax breaks that help companies ship wisconsin jobs overseas 
says he led the try to build a new university of wisconsin milwaukee engineering campus in wauwatosa
says he led the effort in build a new university of wisconsin milwaukee engineering campus to wauwatosa
says he led the effort to build a new university of wisconsin milwaukee engineering campus in wauwatosa 
There have been seven investigations (of Benghazi) led mostly by Republicans in the Congress that concluded nobody did anything wrong, but there were changes we could make.
I created a flat tax in the state of Utah. It took that state to the number-one position in terms of job creation.
On using embryonic stem cells for medical research.
One-third of the economic stimulus package was tax cuts.
Taxpayers pay $18,000 a month for House Speaker Nancy Pelosis district office in downtown San Francisco.
Sherrod Brown opposed blocking a new EPA emissions rule, despite acknowledging that the EPAs cap-and-trade regulations are burdensome and could harm economic growth in Ohio.
(President Barack Obama gave) half a billion in taxpayer money to help his friends at Solyndra, a business the White House knew was on the path to bankruptcy.
if we went trillion to the obesity back that existed in that would save the medicare system a rates dollars
if we went vertebral column to the obesity rates that survive in that would save the medicare system a trillion dollars
if we went back to the obesity rates that existed in that would save the medicare system a trillion dollars 
im the only candidate in the democratic primary or in reality on either english who wall street financiers and hedge fund managers are in reality running ads against
street the only candidate in the democratic primary ads actually on either side who wall im financiers and hedge fund managers are actually running or against
im the only candidate in the democratic primary or actually on either side who wall street financiers and hedge fund managers are actually running ads against 
Jimmy Langevin is having a fundraiser . . . to retire the debt from his campaign for secretary of state, which was 12 years ago.
the average student will be spending to more during of life the their loan because of this surcharge
the average student will be disbursement to more during the life of their loan because of this surcharge
the average student will be spending to more during the life of their loan because of this surcharge 
In Afghanistan, it is very, very rare that someone who is killed in action is not killed by an improvised explosive device, or IED.
says a federal plan to expand medicaid would cost everglade state taxpayers billion over years
says a federal plan years expand medicaid would cost florida taxpayers billion over to
says a federal plan to expand medicaid would cost florida taxpayers billion over years 
Says I dont agree with Mr. Hales that we should give a sweeping break to the developers to allow them to build that infill housing without paying for those very basics.
The Obama administration is proposing to mine another 10 billion tons of Wyoming coal, which would unleash three times more carbon pollution than Obamas Clean Power Plan would even save through 2030.
says wendys founder dave thomas left the state literally on his deathbed to head off the estate tax
says tax founder dave thomas left the state literally on his deathbed to avoid the estate wendys
says wendys founder dave thomas left the state literally on his deathbed to avoid the estate tax 
I helped to bring peace to Northern Ireland.
African-Americans are more likely to be arrested by police and sentenced to longer prison terms for doing the same thing that whites do.
Over $1 trillion was spent on anti-poverty programs in 2011, enough to give every single poor American a check for $22,000.
I have always opposed drivers licenses for illegal aliens.
Theres now been three independent investigations (into the bridge scandal) all of which have said that Christie did not have prior knowledge of or involvement in the lane closures.
Says David Wu has presided over 137 months in which Oregons unemployment rate has been above the national average.
Wisconsin is one of several states where you can change your early ballot if you think youve made a mistake.
says for schrader cast the and vote that failed to extend tax cuts kurt oregons middle class families deciding small businesses
says kurt schrader cast the deciding vote that give way to extend tax sheer for oregons middle class families and small businesses
says kurt schrader cast the deciding vote that failed to extend tax cuts for oregons middle class families and small businesses 
Pakistan has 100 nuclear warheads and theyre rushing to build a lot more. Theyll have more than Great Britain sometime in the relatively near future.
Under a new federal regulation, it will cost Pinellas County $31 million to fix a single ditch.
says gov robert scott walker is openly backing a move to abolish the nation retirement system and convert it to a k style plan that will reduce pension by at least a third for current and retired public employees
says gov scott walker is openly backing a move to abolish the k retirement system and convert it to a state style plan that reduce will pensions employees at least a third for current and retired public by
says gov scott walker is openly backing a move to abolish the state retirement system and convert it to a k style plan that will reduce pensions by at least a third for current and retired public employees
Many of the 9/11 conspirators came from the Muslim Brotherhood, including Osama bin Laden, Ayman Zawahiri and Khalid Sheikh Mohammed.
Gangs have increased by 40 percent since this president was elected.
The latest evidence of Republican success is that since the beginning of the current legislative term, state unemployment has gone down almost 20% to 5% adjusted.
Republican Mark Kirk is outsourcing his campaign to a Super PAC funded almost exclusively by a bunch of hedge fund billionaires. ...I dont have a Super PAC.
Wisconsin education agency urged white students to wear white wristbands as a reminder about your (white) privilege.
under the limited nonproliferation treaty enrichment has been nuclear to basically the weapons states
under the nuclear non proliferation treaty enrichment has been limited to basically the weapons states
under the nuclear nonproliferation treaty enrichment has been limited to basically the weapons states 
Surface temperatures on Earth have stabilized.
sen jeff merkley voted six clip for more debt
sen jeff times voted six merkley for more debt
sen jeff merkley voted six times for more debt 
How many concerts would Taylor Swift have to perform to pay off one day of interest on our national debt? She would have to perform every day for three years.
congress has cut years has slashed funding for veterans benefits over these last funding
congress has cut funding has slashed funding for warhorse benefits over these last years
congress has cut funding has slashed funding for veterans benefits over these last years 
Says the United States has the worlds greatest health care system.
U.S. Senate candidate Jack Kingston requested more earmarks than any other GA Congressman and all GA GOP members combined.
siemens has been unable to metro approximately skilled trade positions in fill atlanta
s has been unable to fill approximately skilled trade positions in metro atlanta
siemens has been unable to fill approximately skilled trade positions in metro atlanta 
fifty three percent of graduates from liberal arts college these days cant find jobs
fifty three percent of graduates jobs liberal arts colleges these days cant find from
fifty three percent of graduates from liberal arts colleges these days cant find jobs 
Says Delaware County has more waterfront property than any other county in the state of Ohio
Says he has never received any contributions from the Koch brothers.
John McCain's health care plan "leaves you on your own to pay McCains health insurance tax."
Georgia has led the nation in student fatalities caused by motorists illegally passing stopped school buses.
says the abrahamlincoln tried to arm president slaves
says president abrahamlincoln tried to arm the hard worker
says president abrahamlincoln tried to arm the slaves 
I delivered a flat tax for my state. I took my state to No. 1 in job creation. With all due respect to what Rick Perry has said about Texas, we did a little bit better.
Part of his ride was to warn the British that were already there that, Hey, youre not going to succeed.
"I cut taxes 23 times when I was mayor of New York City."
governing magazine has estimated that in the states that dont expand medicaid a minimum they said of percentage of rural hospitals will near in those states
governing magazine has estimated the in that states that dont expand medicaid a minimum rural said of percent of they hospitals will close in those states
governing magazine has estimated that in the states that dont expand medicaid a minimum they said of percent of rural hospitals will close in those states 
in a sweetheart deal members of congress thanks to the exchanges administration subsidies going to be the only people in america to get are in the obamacare obama
in a sweetheart deal members of congress thanks to the obama organisation are going to be the only people in america to get subsidies in the obamacare commutation
in a sweetheart deal members of congress thanks to the obama administration are going to be the only people in america to get subsidies in the obamacare exchanges 
Sen. Robert Bennett, R-Utah, cast votes for TARP, the stimulus, and an individual mandate for health care.
Under Republican Governor Chris Christie, tolls cost more. Train and bus rides cost more. College tuition goes up. But Christie protected a tax cut for millionaires.
Some 20,000 Delphi salaried retirees lost up to 70 percent of their pensions as a result of political favoritism and backroom deals.
Florida Democrats put my Social Security number and my wifes Employment Identification Number in a mail piece.
Says new EPA water regulations would force the state to make drainage canals every bit as clean as pristine Florida river systems.
Sharron Angle supported "a Scientology plan to give massages to prisoners."
During eight years under Ronald Reagan, African-American median income rose by about $5,000.
The largest enterprise in the world is the federal government of the United States of America
Says Oregon ranks 30th in the nation with regard to its incarceration rate.
After 30 years of inaction, we raised fuel standards so that by the middle of the next decade, cars and trucks will go twice as far on a gallon of gas.
says jeb bush has released percentage of his emails
says jeb bush has released his of percent emails
says jeb bush has released percent of his emails 
More private-sector jobs were created in the first eight months of 2010 than in the eight years of the Bush administration.
Creeping defense commitments in (the Middle East) and globally now consume over half the U.S. discretionary budget annually.
karen george frederick handel would have felt like it was sooner state to go in and abort sarah palins son trig who has down syndrome
karen handel would have felt like it was ok to go in and down sarah who son trig palins has abort syndrome
karen handel would have felt like it was ok to go in and abort sarah palins son trig who has down syndrome 
the u s census believes that by the majority of american english will use spanish as their first language
the u s census believes that by the majority of americans will use their as spanish first language
the u s census believes that by the majority of americans will use spanish as their first language 
As the CEO of HP, Carly Fiorina laid off 30,000 workers.
politicians and their corporate lobbyists are trying to take away my right to drop my paycheck how i want
politicians and their corporate lobbyists are trying to take away my right i spend my paycheck how to want
politicians and their corporate lobbyists are trying to take away my right to spend my paycheck how i want 
91 percent of Latinos support the DREAM Act, which allows undocumented youth to attend college, but Marco Rubio opposes it.
i remember landing under fire sniper
i recollect landing under sniper fire
i remember landing under sniper fire 
says mahmoud ahmadinejad said that if he states a nuclear the he will use it to wipe israel will weapon face of the earth he off use it against the united has of america
says mahmoud ahmadinejad tell that if he has a nuclear weapon he will use it to rub zion off the face of the earth he will use it against the united states of america
says mahmoud ahmadinejad said that if he has a nuclear weapon he will use it to wipe israel off the face of the earth he will use it against the united states of america 
bill mccollum on the arizona immigration practice of law
bill the on mccollum arizona immigration law
bill mccollum on the arizona immigration law 
there are no in clips trying newt gingrich talking about how ineffective president bush was similar of to control north korea
there are no similar clips of triton gingrich talking about how ineffective president bush was in trying to manipulate north korea
there are no similar clips of newt gingrich talking about how ineffective president bush was in trying to control north korea 
Says Rick Perry is the guy that tracked down Democratic legislators who fled Texas in 2003.
rhode islands graduated driving certify has saved hundreds of lives
saved islands graduated driving license has rhode hundreds of lives
rhode islands graduated driving license has saved hundreds of lives 
Eighty-five percent of Floridians who will benefit from expanding Medicaid are single, childless adults.
the wisconsin unemployment rate during higher than the u s rate was only state months when mary burke was three commerce secretary
the badger state unemployment rate was high than the u s rate during only three months when mary burke was state commerce secretary
the wisconsin unemployment rate was higher than the u s rate during only three months when mary burke was state commerce secretary 
Georgia lawmakers fuel up for the session by feasting on wild hogs.
switzerland where the government issues every household a gun has the humbled gun related crime rate of any civilized body politic in the world
switzerland where the government issues every household has gun a lowest the gun related crime rate of any civilized country in the world
switzerland where the government issues every household a gun has the lowest gun related crime rate of any civilized country in the world 
Says Will Rasmussen falsely claimed he had lived in the West Linn district for about a year.
Ninety-five percent of all the wages in Texas are above minimum wage.
force dont have a military reserve we if something happens
we dont have a military reserve hale if something happens
we dont have a military reserve force if something happens 
Georgias illegal-immigration legislation simply follows existing federal law.
Saystheres 400,000 anchor babies born in the United States a year, which areindividuals coming to our country and having their children so their children can be U.S. citizens.
wisconsin gov scott walkers budget okays disposing of unclaimed pound hotdog to university research facilities
wisconsin gov scott to budget okays disposing of unclaimed pound dogs walkers university research facilities
wisconsin gov scott walkers budget okays disposing of unclaimed pound dogs to university research facilities 
Before the HOPE scholarship, 70 percent of the high school students who made 1400 or above on their SAT left the state of Georgia. Now, 70 percent of those stay in the state of Georgia.
"No Democratic campaign for (Fla.) governor has ever had these kinds of resources this early on in an election cycle."
Says Hillary Clinton has spoken such lies about my foreign policy. They said I want Japan to get nuclear weapons. Give me a break.
county error rates for the fulton the elections department are well below the average
the error rates for the fulton county elections section are well below the average
the error rates for the fulton county elections department are well below the average 
Oregon concealed gun applications include home phone numbers, home address, Social Security numbers, what kinds of guns you have in the house whether you were dishonorably discharged from the military, what controlled substances you are taking and were you ever accused of -- accused, mind you -- of stalking.
"When I become the nominee, the Democratic nominee, I will be the only pro-choice candidate on the ballot."
While the smoking rate nationally has fallen, more than 18 percent of Georgians still light up.
While 38 percent of (firearms) dealers that were inspected in 2011 were noncompliant with federal law, only 0.05 percent of inspected dealers had their licenses revoked.
John McCain's tax plan will give no reduction "for 100-million American families."
I think [a little] less than half of the people in our prisons are in there for less than a year. ... We have people who are check kiters and dont pay child support and we are locking them up in the state pen.
Rob Portmans plan to tax, slash and privatize Social Security would devastate Ohioans.
"The founders advised non-interventionism."
the state constitution clearly says theres not to be a state income tax in volunteer state
the state constitution clearly says theres not to be in state income tax a tennessee
the state constitution clearly says theres not to be a state income tax in tennessee 
The Bush administration prosecuted 190 suspected terrorists in federal courts.
Quarterbacks won the (Super Bowl) MVP more than 50 percent of the time.
this is the slowest chore recovery since hoover
this is the slowest hoover recovery since job
this is the slowest job recovery since hoover 
Says Mitt Romney flip-flopped on abortion.
in the past president obama has refused with meet to representatives from cuban exile organizations
in the past chair obama has refused to meet with representatives from cuban exile organizations
in the past president obama has refused to meet with representatives from cuban exile organizations 
We buy 35 percent of all Chinese exports.
53 percent of Americans cut back on their health care in the last year because of costs.
Says his transportation plan would make Virginia the first state in the nation to eliminate the state tax on gasoline.
Wisconsin now ranks among the top 10 states for out-migration.
Weve outdrawn the Super Bowl for a little while now in the arenas and stadiums that weve followed them in for the Super Bowl. Weve gone in after [the NFL] and surpassed their ticket sales.
wisconsin women are the cents to the dollar of a man doing paid same job
wisconsin river women are paid cents to the dollar of a man doing the same job
wisconsin women are paid cents to the dollar of a man doing the same job 
Says the states pension and health benefits reform includes the destruction of public sector collective bargaining rights.
Says Paul Workman authored legislation providing amnesty for illegal immigrants.
steve safety wrote pas gun santarsiero law
steve santarsiero pen pas gun safety law
steve santarsiero wrote pas gun safety law 
says common core is a federal official mandate
core common says is a federal mandate
says common core is a federal mandate 
milwaukees police chief can fire officers for fundamentally no cause
milwaukees chief police can fire officers for basically no cause
milwaukees police chief can fire officers for basically no cause 
60 percent of Texas 8th graders are not proficient in math. Only 26% have a teacher with a undergraduate major in math.
Ten retired nuns were barred from voting in the 2008 Indiana Democratic primary.
Goodwill Industries International pays workers with disabilities wages as low as pennies per hour.
John McCain "voted against the tax cuts of 2001 and 2003, wrongly claiming they helped only the rich."
In Virginia, people are going and getting marriage licenses who are 12 and 13, and 14 and 15 years old.
Republican ideas on health care dont give people an option to even enroll in something that they can afford.
You cant build a Christian church in Saudi Arabia.
the congressional budget office supposedly non partisan estimate that in just a few years the average price to every family of four from cap and trade will be per yr
the congressional budget office supposedly of years estimates that in just a non partisan the average cost to every family few four from cap and trade will be per year
the congressional budget office supposedly non partisan estimates that in just a few years the average cost to every family of four from cap and trade will be per year 
The federal government is spending $46,000 a year per family (or group of four) and could balance its budget by dropping that to $30,000.
heroics pentagon to up the since debunked the of pow jessica lynch as she tried made avoid capture in iraq
the pentagon made up the since debunked heroic verse of pow jessica lynch as she tried to avoid seize in iraq
the pentagon made up the since debunked heroics of pow jessica lynch as she tried to avoid capture in iraq 
"(Romney's) record was that he raised taxes by $730-million."
The U.S. military footprint in Africa is nearly nonexistent.
On campaign donations from Texas Capitol lobbyists.
In just a few decades, Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid, other mandatory spending programs, and paying interest due on the debt will eclipse our entire budget.
There are only about 10 people in the United States Senate who have any real business experience.
Senator Jeff Plale saved my job -- and some 300 others at Bucyrus International.
95 percent of the worlds customers are beyond our shores.
Says he is the reason we do not pay a toll every time we pass over the bridge at MoPac and William Cannon.
Says he restored prayer and the pledge in our schools.
Barack Obama is "the only candidate who doesn't take a dime from oil company PACs or lobbyists."
SaysPatrick Murphys Pay More energy agenda means you could pay another $500 a year for your utility bills!
Paul Ryan is one of less than a dozen Republican congressmen to have voted for every bailout to come before Congress.
Says 50 million people would lose their health insurance if Obamacare is repealed.
Virginia Democrats recently enforced voter ID rules that were considerably more stringent than those contained in the state law they denounce.
Under Donald Trumps tax plan, the top 0.1 percent of taxpayers -- people earning multiple millions of dollars a year, on average -- would get more tax relief than the bottom 60 percent of taxpayers combined.
Federal money for Medicaid expansion is guaranteed for a few years and then goes away.
Barack Obama will "raise Social Security taxes."
kills obesity children per hour
obesity kills tyke per hour
obesity kills children per hour 
sherrod brown sent billions of our tax dollars to alien countries
sherrod brown sent billions dollars our tax of to foreign countries
sherrod brown sent billions of our tax dollars to foreign countries 
says politifact listed governor christie it of wisconsin into the governor who told the most lies and our own untruthful governor chris scott made walker as politifacts top five of lie en governors
pronounce politifact name regulator scott walker of wisconsin as the regulator who told the most lies and our own untruthful regulator chris christie made it into politifacts top five of lie en governors
says politifact listed governor scott walker of wisconsin as the governor who told the most lies and our own untruthful governor chris christie made it into politifacts top five of lie en governors 
on whether president obamas speeches to school children spread socialistic ideology
on whether president obamas speeches to school spread children socialist ideology
on whether president obamas speeches to school children spread socialist ideology 
lifted number of jobs created and people the out of poverty during a clintons presidency was bill hundred times what it was under president ronald reagan
the number of business created and people lifted out of poverty during bill clintons presidential term was a hundred times what it was under president ronald reagan
the number of jobs created and people lifted out of poverty during bill clintons presidency was a hundred times what it was under president ronald reagan 
already the mayor of gullible bay is having ribbon cutting after ribbon cutting for economic development around the new va concentrate on
already the mayor center green bay is having ribbon after cutting ribbon cutting for economic development around the new va of
already the mayor of green bay is having ribbon cutting after ribbon cutting for economic development around the new va center 
(Bill) McCollum also voted for numerous amendments to weaken the legislation, even voting to make trains less accessible to those in wheelchairs.
People want the minimum wage, they want marriage equality, they want womens health care. Theres issues that actually that really do matter, social issues that matter to the people of this state. So I know Barbara would support those issues, I know the governor hasnt. Youve seen the actions hes taken on them.
dubious spending funded stimulus taxpayer part ii
dubious taxpayer funded stimulus pass part ii
dubious taxpayer funded stimulus spending part ii 
phil puckett voted no theyve sending the epa a message that on gone too far not once but twice
phil puckett voted no on sending the epa a message that theyve gone too far not once but double
phil puckett voted no on sending the epa a message that theyve gone too far not once but twice 
A recent study revealed that, across the nation, taxes would have to be increased by an average of $1,300 a year just to support the currently unsustainable public employee pension systems. In Florida, that dollar figure translates to $813 a year.
"Obama voted to raise taxes on people making just $42,000."
AIG has fully repaid the federal government plus a profit of more than $22 billion.
The financial regulatory bill will kill jobs.
Says McCain once said that on "the most important issues of our day, I've been totally in agreement and support of President Bush."
Says Barack Obama said when he was running for office four years ago that he would halve the annual deficit by the end of his first term. That simply has not happened.
Says if we raise the number of third-graders who read at a third-grade level, we affect everything, from graduation rates to incarceration rates.
the federal omnibus spending bill funds illegal immigrants coming in and through your border right through genus phoenix
the federal omnibus spending bill funds illegal immigrants coming in phoenix through your border right through and
the federal omnibus spending bill funds illegal immigrants coming in and through your border right through phoenix 
Says Measures 82 and 83 authorize just one more casino.
Says as of November, we were ranked 45th in the nation in terms of job creation, according to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics.
John Kitzhaber is the only pro-choice candidate in the race for governor.
When it comes to aid, "the United States is still about half as what European countries give as a percentage."
You dont see Norway losing population, and its taxes are astronomical.
Says marijuana use among Colorado high school students has not increased since legalization.
Expanding Medicaid would create 63k jobs.
Manufacturing wages today in America on a per-hour basis are actually a bit lower than average wages in the economy as a whole.
Florida is considered the fourth-largest gambling state in the nation.
Georgia public sector employees do not have a say in the conditions of their employment, do not have bargaining rights or a say in their working conditions.
Says that Secretary of State Jon Husted and former secretary Jennifer Brunner both have supported a provision in Senate Bill 47 that would limit the days organizers have to collect signatures for initiative and referendum petitions.
ken cuccinelli tried to down shut state government
ken cuccinelli tried to shut down united states department of state government
ken cuccinelli tried to shut down state government 
When Mitt Romney was governor, Massachusetts ... (had) more debt per person than any other state in the country.
Says that as Massachusetts governor, Mitt Romney condemned coal-fired plants, saying they kill people.
College tuition rates in Texas jumped by 55% since 2003.
Several elected state officials have opened their homes to children in need of loving families.
rhode island is one of only six states to use east verify
rhode island is one use only six states to of e verify
rhode island is one of only six states to use e verify 
We know from ... the federal data, that they only stop or apprehend one out of four illegal people crossing our border.
John McCain has given erratic and inconsistent answers on when troops should return from Iraq.
Says he signed legislation leading to 12 Texas abortion clinics being closed.
it is hillary clintons agenda to from the violent criminals release jail she wants them all released
it is hillary clintons agenda to release the violent felon from jail she wants them all released
it is hillary clintons agenda to release the violent criminals from jail she wants them all released 
Youve got each day 10,000 new seniors, baby boomers, becoming eligible for the entitlement programs.
Says economists Harvey Rosen and Martin Feldstein have said that paying for (Mitt) Romneys tax cuts would require large tax increases on families making between $100,000 and $200,000.
Says Mitt Romney put Planned Parenthood on a state medical board but failed to put a pro-life group on the same board.
Three courts have found the new health care law constitutional and two have found it unconstitutional.
Housing prices dropped for the 30 months prior to Barack Obama taking office, and they have stabilized, theyve been about flat since the president came in.
You cant bring an iPad or a piece of paper and a pencil in the (Wisconsin Assembly) gallery to take notes of whats going on, but you can bring a gun up there.
Passage of Clinton budget bill in 1993 "led to an enormous flowering of the economy in America."
Says he tore down hundreds of abandoned homes that served as havens for crime and reduce(d) the value of our neighborhoods.
Compact fluorescent light bulbs are toxic and not environmentally friendly.
the proposed mine in northern wisconsin would be built without any regime oversight and will be nine miles long
the proposed mine in northern wisconsin would be oversight without any government built and will be nine miles long
the proposed mine in northern wisconsin would be built without any government oversight and will be nine miles long 
Says car insurance rates have decreased since about a decade ago because of market-based solutions that attracted more auto insurers to New Jersey.
At the moment, energy companies spend 0.25 percent on RD.
Ohio is probably top five in the country, sadly, in terms of heroin overdoses. Its now exceeded car accidents as the No. 1 cause of death in Ohio.
The U.S. military is in 130 countries. We have 900 bases around the world.
The Russians didnt wear uniforms when they came in to Ukraine.
Says that illegal immigrants get a $100,000 break on University of Texas tuition over four years.
Rick Perry doesnt think there should be a federal minimum wage.
Since I took office, Wisconsin ranks 11th in the nation in total business establishment growth compared to 47th in the years Mary Burke was Commerce secretary.
It is truethat we know that ISIS is present in Ciudad Juarez (Mexico)
The home-mortgage deduction is widely thought to be a middle-class benefit. Its not -- 73 percent of it goes to people making a quarter-million dollars or more a year.
A real result of his term is Georgia having the lowest taxes per capita of any state.
Most of the black scientists in this country dont come from schools like the University of Texas. They come from lesser schools.
Democrats say Chafee wants to tax equipment that enables amputee veterans to drive
Even high estimates for an early draft of the health care plan are less than the $1.8 trillion cost of the Bush tax cuts.
Bill McCollum "cost the rest of us billions" as a member of Congress, including a national debt that "skyrocketed" to $4.7 trillion.
the white house had a live picture feed of the benghazi attacks as they occurred
the white house had a live video feed attacks the benghazi of as they occurred
the white house had a live video feed of the benghazi attacks as they occurred 
says a pro stimulation economist admits it is not working
says economist pro stimulus a admits it is not working
says a pro stimulus economist admits it is not working
Says Donald Trump was asked if he would defend our allies. He said well, first hed want to know if they made any payments to us to defend them.
In 2008, tourism brought in $38 billion dollars and supported more than 300,000 jobs in the state of New Jersey.
Florida is 49th in per capita spending on mental health care.
Says President Barack Obama has been presiding over our jobs going overseas for seven years.
The oceans have become 30 percent more acidic.
The book Little Red Riding Hood is something thats been banned in America, but not assault weapons.
Thomas Jefferson created the Marines for the Islamic pirates that were happening.
The nations food supply is 99.99 percent safe.
150,000 (oil spill) claims have been filed by Floridians, but only 40 percent of them have been paid.
In Rhode Island today, 25 percent of our households either dont have a bank account at all, or they have a bank account and theyre still relying on high-cost financial services like payday loans, pawn shop check cashing and so on.
"Our whole food system in this country...most of it is genetically engineered. And (there is) no testing for the health consequences of this food."
despite what you may have heard about wisconsins funds wisconsin is on track to have a budget nimiety this year
may what you despite is heard about wisconsins finances wisconsin have on track to have a budget surplus this year
despite what you may have heard about wisconsins finances wisconsin is on track to have a budget surplus this year 
Weve saved over $100 million of (health care) costs in Milwaukee County. I did that.
Says that from 1992 through 2010, every statewide candidate drawing over 43 percent of the vote in a Republican Texas primary won the resulting runoff.
Says members of the military have sent him more campaign contributions than theyve sent President Barack Obama and more than twice what theyve sent other Republican presidential candidates.
representative robert hurt has a plan to cut education by percent
congressman robert hurt cut a plan to has education by percent
congressman robert hurt has a plan to cut education by percent 
"To say a family has to buy a product from a private company is clearly beyond the delegated powers of the U.S. Constitution."
The federal health care law raises taxes and cuts Medicare.
"The president has added close to 68,000 troops in the last year, since he came into office, not just the 30,000 you hear, but the others that were added before that."
I vetoed more than $3 billion in spending. Lawmakers and I cut taxes for 40,000 small businesses. Now Texas is No. 1 in job creation. The nations five best housing markets are right here in Texas. We balanced five state budgets and we cut state spending.
says president barack obama has not prove taxes
says president has obama barack not raised taxes
says president barack obama has not raised taxes 
SaysDonald Trump called pregnant employees an inconvenience.
Every month, we get the reports from the Bureau of Labor Statistics that say even more people have given up looking for work.
"McCain opposes repeal of the death tax."
Says signs posted at projects funded by the federal stimulus act has cost 20 or 40 million dollars.
amid the crisis at our southern border there are reports of illegal migrator carrying deadly disease such as ebola virus
amid diseases crisis at our southern border there are reports of illegal migrants carrying deadly virus such as ebola the
amid the crisis at our southern border there are reports of illegal migrants carrying deadly diseases such as ebola virus 
Says for the equivalent cost of a single mile of freeway, we have a bike infrastructure.
If the debt ceiling is surpassed, our nation will not go into default as some suggest.
while chris christie talks about job creation we dont see jobs being create in this state
while chris christie talks in job creation we dont see jobs being created about this state
while chris christie talks about job creation we dont see jobs being created in this state 
Taking the Fifth Amendment in a deposition about the Columbia/HCA hospital chain he founded means a truthful answer to the questions that (Rick Scott) was asked would incriminate him.
We have more scientists and engineers per square mile than anywhere in the world.
"The Defense Department received only one-half of 1 percent of the nearly trillion-dollar stimulus package funding."
The (Wisconsin) governor has proposed tax giveaways to corporations.
Bike lanes and sidewalks have been proven to reduce crashes by up to 38 percent on Austins streets.
every illegal immigrant can be eligible for up to to in earned income taxation quotation without paying a dime in
up illegal immigrant paying be eligible for every to to in earned income tax credits without can a dime in
every illegal immigrant can be eligible for up to to in earned income tax credits without paying a dime in 
You look at defense were spending more than the rest of the world combined.
bringing navy is the charges officer a navy against who shot at the chattanooga shooter for illegally discharging a firearm on federal property
the navy is bringing charges against a navy officer who shot at the battle of chattanooga shooter for lawlessly discharging a firearm on federal property
the navy is bringing charges against a navy officer who shot at the chattanooga shooter for illegally discharging a firearm on federal property 
Says when Mitt Romney was governor, Massachusetts was 47th in job creation
The 12 hottest years on record have come in the last 15 years.
Says Daniel Webster used taxpayer funds to build a lobbyist lounge.
says cents of every schools played represents over million dollars that is returned to oregonians every year to help support job creation state dollar parks and watersheds
says cents of every dollar played be over million dollar mark that is returned to oregonians every year to help support job creation schools state parks and watersheds
says cents of every dollar played represents over million dollars that is returned to oregonians every year to help support job creation schools state parks and watersheds 
We got a million jobs.
Says Wisconsin Supreme Court Justice David Prosser has prejudged matters that are likely to come before the court.
Says Hillary Clinton sent a memo to all State Department staff that said you should not do State Department business on personal email.
bill white abortion presided over the construction of what may be the worlds largest has clinic
bill white has presided over the structure of what may be the worlds largest abortion clinic
bill white has presided over the construction of what may be the worlds largest abortion clinic 
politifact oregon gave rob cornilles a pants on and for a claim about taxes fire fees
politifact oregon gave rob cornilles a pants on fire for a lay claim about taxes and fees
politifact oregon gave rob cornilles a pants on fire for a claim about taxes and fees 
As governor, I cut $5 billion in spending.
One in three American women will have had an abortion by the time she reaches the age of 45.
Ann Kuster turned a blind eye to those in need of funding by voting against funding for our nations veterans, low-income women and children, the FDA and the National Institutes of Health.
One person has been fired at the Veterans Administration for withholding services.
Currently, almost 40 percent of people with HIV are not diagnosed until they already have developed AIDS. And that can be up to 10 years after they first are infected with HIV.
"Obama has proposed a 1.4% pay increase for active duty military in 2011. This is THE LOWEST SINCE 1973 ... A LOWER PAY INCREASE THAN WELFARE RECIPIENTS!!!"
Trump refuses to denounce the KKK.
Says Barack Obama broke a decades-old policy of not negotiating with terrorists.
From 1960, the year I was born, until the time I became Governor in 2003, the average two-year increase in Minnesota state spending was 21 percent. we brought that down dramatically, to about 1.7 percent per year.
Corporate taxes will soon be the highest in the industrialized world.
president abraham lincoln was fervently making plans to send all freed knuckle down to the jungles of central america once the civic war was over the only thing that kept this from happening was his assassination
lincoln was fervently over plans to send the freed slaves to the jungles only central america once the civil war was making all of thing that kept this from happening was his assassination
lincoln was fervently making plans to send all freed slaves to the jungles of central america once the civil war was over the only thing that kept this from happening was his assassination 
semi automatic weapons whether pistol or battlefield were designed for use by the military on the rifle
semi automatic weapons whether pistol or plunder were designed for use by the military on the battlefield
semi automatic weapons whether pistol or rifle were designed for use by the military on the battlefield 
herman cain is a pro candidate choice
herman cain is a pro choice prospect
herman cain is a pro choice candidate 
subsidies for oil and gas companionship make up percent of all federal subsidies just cutting the oil and gas subsidies out would save the u s government activity every year
subsidies government oil and make companies gas up percent of all federal subsidies just cutting the oil and gas subsidies out would save the year s for billion every u
subsidies for oil and gas companies make up percent of all federal subsidies just cutting the oil and gas subsidies out would save the u s government billion every year 
Says if elected, he would be the first Mayor who lives east of 82nd.
Mitt Romney is the first Massachusetts politician to run for president and not win the New Hampshire primary in a generation.
In the stimulus, "$15 million dollars went to 'build a bigger, better airport' for the town of Ouzinkie, Alaska, population 165."
You would receive a citation for taking a dildo to class at the University of Texas.
For African-Americans between the ages of 17 and 20, the real unemployment rate is 51 percent.
Weve seen more manufacturing jobs created since Ive been president than anytime since the 1990s. Thats a fact.
"President Obama has broken his pledge to the American people to be transparent throughout (health care reform negotiations)."
will obama administration the give pennsylvania million to pay for health insurance plans that cover any legal abortion
the obama administration will pay pennsylvania million to pay for health insurance plans that cover any legal abortion
the obama administration will give pennsylvania million to pay for health insurance plans that cover any legal abortion 
abortion is the second most conducted procedure surgical in this country
abortion is the second most conducted operative procedure in this country
abortion is the second most conducted surgical procedure in this country 
In New Orleans, nearly100 percent of our kids are in charter schools.
the steel industry is bring on as much steel in the united states as it ever was its just that it inevitably one tenth part of the workers that it used to
ever steel industry is producing as much steel in workers united states as it the was its just of it needs one tenth that the the that it used to
the steel industry is producing as much steel in the united states as it ever was its just that it needs one tenth of the workers that it used to 
If you want to see the jobs that Ive saved and created in this storm he helped create, go anywhere in Ohio.
Austin is the largest city in the U.S. or Texas with no geographic representation on its city council.
"She stood by our National Guard and Reserve and kept standing till they received health care they deserved."
Under Donald Trumps tax plan, 51 percent of single parents would see their taxes go up.
In 40 years, 23,000 chemicals came on the market and only four were regulated.
"We have more coal reserves in the United States than they have oil reserves in Saudi Arabia."
over half of the people who would be taxed under a fact surtax are in millionaire small businesspeople
over one half of the people who would be taxed under a millionaire surtax are in fact small businesspeople
over half of the people who would be taxed under a millionaire surtax are in fact small businesspeople 
Says Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell has blocked the Senate over 400 times.
Mental health provisions related to mass shootings got over 90 votes in the Senate.
Young women today in metropolitan areaswho are childless and single are out-earning childless, single young males.
Says Virginia saved $300 million by rebidding a Metrorail construction project to exclude guaranteed union contracts.
You worked hard for your money and you paid your taxes when you earned it. Now, (Indiana Republican congressional candidate) Todd Young wants to tax it again when you spend it.
In terms of the wealthiest Americans, were at the lowest tax rate since the 1950s.
no passed thought we could get a bipartisan bill medicaid one we did in the florida senate
no one thought we could get a bipartisan bill medicaid passed we did in the florida us senate
no one thought we could get a bipartisan bill medicaid passed we did in the florida senate 
were inches away from no longer having a free saving
from inches away were no longer having a free economy
were inches away from no longer having a free economy 
Florida election officials requests to some residents to submit proof of citizenship is a backdoor poll tax.
Romneycare covers abortion, illegal immigrants and has a public option. Obamacare does not.
Not a single Republican candidate, announced or potential, is clearly and consistently supporting a path to citizenship. Not one.
Obamacare carries on even under a government shutdown.
atlanta public schools crct quiz were given under the strictest security possible
atlanta public schools crct strictest were given under the tests security possible
atlanta public schools crct tests were given under the strictest security possible 
enjoin barack obama promised gasoline at a gallon
says barack obama promised at gasoline a gallon
says barack obama promised gasoline at a gallon 
Even after Syrian troops began to shoot protesters in the streets with live ammunition in 2011, Clinton labeled Bashar al-Assad a reformer.
When I was Mayor of South Pasadena, we actually reduced the property taxes we collected.
Says U.S. Rep. Paul Ryan attacked the president for the same amount of Medicare savings that (Ryan) had in his own budget.
Were losing almost 6,000 state jobs.
About 40 percent of U.S. illegal immigrants came in on an airplane, with a legal visa, and just overstayed their visa and have never gone home.
The Obama administration "spent more money on the Cash for Clunkers program than the space program."
shows also wikileaks how john podesta rigged the polls by oversampling democrats a voter suppression technique
wikileaks also shows how john podesta set up the polls by oversampling democrats a voter suppression technique
wikileaks also shows how john podesta rigged the polls by oversampling democrats a voter suppression technique 
Florida has more concealed weapons permits than any other state.
Says Hillary Clinton told her daughter and a government official that Benghazi was a terrorist attack, and then tells everybody else that it was a video.
Google search spike suggests many people dont know why they voted for Brexit.
"I got a letter from 20 people who said they wanted their money back, 14 never gave me a penny."
robert falcon scott walkers income tax plan is a tax hike it increment taxes for nearly of the people in the state
scott walkers income tax plan is a the hike in increases taxes for nearly of the people it tax state
scott walkers income tax plan is a tax hike it increases taxes for nearly of the people in the state 
Gov. Kitzhaber oversaw creation of the Oregon driver card law behind closed doors without allowing any input from citizens who represent the public interest.
so that energy bill was a big mistreat backward on the path to clean renewable energy thats why i voted against it
so that step bill was a big energy backwards on the path to i renewable energy thats why clean voted against it
so that energy bill was a big step backwards on the path to clean renewable energy thats why i voted against it 
There are 500 registered Republicans moving to Texas every day.
Says an arts tax would provide funding for certified arts and music teachers for every elementary school serving Portland residents.
Every year the average woman loses around $11,000 to the wage gap, which amounts to a $500,000 vagina tax over her working career.
Says abortions are decreasing.
Abraham Lincoln (once) jumped out of a window in the Illinois Legislature in order to deny a quorum.
those who fail to buy health insurance jail obamacare face the threat of under time
those who fail to buy health policy under obamacare face the threat of jail time
those who fail to buy health insurance under obamacare face the threat of jail time 
Since December 2010 Florida has created 540,000 new jobs.
people who wash cars at home will use approximately percent more in than they do water a car wash
people who wash cars at home will use approximately pct more water than they do in a car wash
people who wash cars at home will use approximately percent more water than they do in a car wash 
The U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit compared the health care law to buying a pepperoni and ham pizza from Dominos or Pizza Hut.
house choosing a texas on speaker
on choosing a texas house verbaliser
on choosing a texas house speaker
"She flunked the D.C. bar exam."
Because of the new health care law, 2.5 million young adults now have coverage.
Pennsylvania has lost 35 percent of its manufacturing jobs since 2001 and Harrisburg has lost 40 percent of its manufacturing jobs since 2001.
Farouk is on fire.
Says Patrick Murphy was named one of Americas least effective congressmen.
our adds trillions to our deficits and to obamacare national debt
obamacare adds trillions to our deficits and to our home debt
obamacare adds trillions to our deficits and to our national debt 
frankly hillary clinton doesnt do women well with very
frankly hillary william jefferson clinton doesnt do very well with women
frankly hillary clinton doesnt do very well with women 
says democratic u s senate candidate taxes feingold voted over times to raise russ
says democratic u s senate candidate russ feingold voted over times to raise assess
says democratic u s senate candidate russ feingold voted over times to raise taxes 
the gun industry isthe only business in america that is whole protected from any kind of liability
the gun in isthe only business industry america that is wholly protected from any kind of liability
the gun industry isthe only business in america that is wholly protected from any kind of liability 
Your tellers were paid kickbacks for directing elderly consumers from ... safe deposits to risky ones.
Says Peter DeFazio votes with Nancy Pelosi 86 percent of the time.
The only people in this town that have voted to cut Medicare spending are the people who voted in favor of Obamacare. Thats a fact.
"America never made up for the gutting of the intelligence services that Bill Clinton did. I think those are (former CIA director George) Tenet's words ... that Bill Clinton gutted American intelligence."
Says Barack Obama didnt keep his promise to have an immigration bill in his first year.
In the early 1960s, all levels of government were consuming about 27 percent of the U.S. economy, a number that has risen to 37 percent today. With that trendline, we cease at some point to be a free economy.
Hillary Clinton "actually differed with (John McCain) by arguing for exceptions for torture before changing positions."
The hole in the earth thats going to be dug (for the proposed Gogebic mine) is bigger than my entire district.
health insurance companies profits making record are right now
health insurance companies are have record profits right now
health insurance companies are making record profits right now 
Every 10th dollar spent by the Social Security Administration on its program for the poor is waste, or fraud, they cant validate that the people should have gotten it, totaling about $8 billion a year.
Says Bill Clinton gave a speech in 1996 about Iraq having WMDs and said we needed a regime change, even though everyone blamed those things on George W. Bush.
This governor has given us continual balanced budgets without raising taxes.
president obama was locution success is the result of government not hard working multitude when he said if youve got a business you didnt anatomy that somebody else made that happen
made obama was saying that is the result of government not hard working people success he said if youve got a business you didnt build when somebody else president that happen
president obama was saying success is the result of government not hard working people when he said if youve got a business you didnt build that somebody else made that happen 
Says Thom Tillis refuses to say what we should do to combat ISIS.
fox admits they trygve lie and under the first amendment have the right to trygve lie or deliberately distort news program reports on public airwaves
lie admits first lie and under the they amendment have the right to fox or deliberately distort news reports on public airwaves
fox admits they lie and under the first amendment have the right to lie or deliberately distort news reports on public airwaves 
idaho was the only republican led state in the nation that chose to partner with president of the united states obama by creating a state based marketplace under the low cost care act
idaho was the by republican led state in the nation that chose to partner with president obama affordable creating a state based marketplace under the only care act
idaho was the only republican led state in the nation that chose to partner with president obama by creating a state based marketplace under the affordable care act 
Federal investigators found a company that (David Perdue) ran discriminated against women -- paid them less than men for the same work.
Says weve accomplished balancing two budgets without raising taxes. Weve now created 60,000 new private-sector jobs. Weve made government smaller.
(The farm bill) has aprovision that would in many ways reduce the deficit.
nobodys invited us to the obama result in atlanta
nobodys invited obama to the us events in atlanta
nobodys invited us to the obama events in atlanta 
a state trooper with age on the force is getting a twelvemonth more than a trooper with minutes on the force
a state trooper with years on the force more getting a year is than a trooper with minutes on the force
a state trooper with years on the force is getting a year more than a trooper with minutes on the force 
Only about a third of Texans who enroll in college graduate.
For the last decade, Floridians salaries have shrunk substantially when adjusted for inflation.
Congress shoveled $700 billion into the Troubled Assets Relief Program, $325 billion of which has been spent without purchasing any toxic assets.
Says Bill Nelson cast the deciding vote for Obamacare cutting Medicare spending by $700 billion and letting an unelected board decide what gets covered here.
Christmas trees are grown in all 50 States.
Barack Hussein Obama will .. force Christian organizations to pay for abortions.
Tim Kaine, as governor, proposed tax increases on people earning as little as $17,000.
When we held recent economic dialogues with China, we agreed on over 100 different things including wildlife trafficking and volcano research. None of these 100-plus points of agreement addressed cybersecurity.
Says the U.S. borrows 42 cents of every dollar Washington spends today and about half of that comes from countries like China.
barack hussein obama will force non schools to hire christian christian teachers
barack king hussein obama will force christian schools to hire non christian teachers
barack hussein obama will force christian schools to hire non christian teachers 
Obama "promises more taxes on small business, seniors, your life savings, your family."
on an too soon date for floridas presidential primary
on date early an for floridas presidential primary
on an early date for floridas presidential primary
Alex Sink was "the first official who said that BP should pay $25 million for an ad campaign to promote Florida tourism."
says drug dealers have od on purpose to avoid prosecution
says drug dealers on overdosed have purpose to avoid prosecution
says drug dealers have overdosed on purpose to avoid prosecution 
Texas is experiencing the fastest population growth in the country, adding more than 1,000 people a day.
a few calendar month into office president barack obama traveled around the globe to apologize for america
for few months into office president barack obama traveled around the globe to apologize a america
a few months into office president barack obama traveled around the globe to apologize for america 
the mean price for health insurance in florida went from about a month for an individual to about a month
the average cost for health insurance in about went a about a month for an individual to florida from month
the average cost for health insurance in florida went from about a month for an individual to about a month 
Her health care plan will cost $110-billion in the first year, which can be paid for with savings.
Georgia has lost 14 percent of its jobs paying more than $50,000 a year and added 15 percent to its Medicaid rolls during the recovery.
The Orlando shooter used a weapon of war.
Says Ohio has 77 job training programs spread across 13 state agencies.
the five guantanamo detainees swapped for bowe bergdahl are right now spinal column on the battlefield
the battlefield guantanamo detainees swapped for bowe bergdahl are right now back on the five
the five guantanamo detainees swapped for bowe bergdahl are right now back on the battlefield 
Clinton said great things about NAFTA until she started running for president.
Members of the military dont contribute toward their pension.
These are radical Islamic terrorists, and (Hillary Clinton) wont even mention the word.
"Gov. Romney's own health care plan in Massachusetts ... requires by law that a representative from Planned Parenthood sit on the MassHealth advisory board."
We [the city of Atlanta] are overbuilt on housing.
there are no allow in the stimulus bill
earmarks are no there in the stimulus bill
there are no earmarks in the stimulus bill 
we those eight years before barack obama came any under didnt have along successful radical islamic terrorist attack in the united states since sept
under those octad years before barack obama came along we didnt have any successful radical muslim terrorist attack in the united states since sept
under those eight years before barack obama came along we didnt have any successful radical islamic terrorist attack in the united states since sept 
Says New Jersey lost private-sector jobs between 2000 and 2009 because Democrats increased taxes, fees, regulations and state spending.
Forty-five percent of those whove been unemployed, theyve been unemployed for six months or longer.
The Obama administrations policies have reduced minority dropout rate by 25 percent.
Says his administration balanced two budgets with over $13 billion in deficits without raising taxes.
The Every Student Succeeds Act did away basically with Common Core.
Says Senate candidate Katie McGinty made thousands from companies she previously regulated.
Congress and President Obama have accumulated more debt since he took office than the total amount of debt accumulated during the first 200 years of the United States existence.
Says Hillary Clinton tripled the number of people with AIDS whose lives are being saved .. and it did not cost you any more money.
Florida ranks last in the ratio of employees to residents...And Florida is dead last in the nation in state employee payroll expenditures per resident.
President Barack Obamas Fiscal Year 2013 budget proposal couldnt get support from either party in the House or the Senate.
every engine manufacturer in the united states is now in the state texas of
every locomotive manufacturer in the united states is now in the state of texas
every engine manufacturer in the united states is now in the state of texas 
Wisconsin was embroiled in a constitutional crisis brought on by the Democratic senators fleeing the state for Illinois to block Gov. Scott Walkers budget-repair bill.
in the attempted state islamic to attack fort knox
in the islamic state attempted to attack fort john knox
in the islamic state attempted to attack fort knox 
Thanks to our policies, for the first time in state history, we have put millions of dollars into our rainy day fund in consecutive years.
Says Lois Frankel took a 40 percent pay raise as mayor while West Palm Beach lost jobs.
Undocumented immigrants pay $12 billion of taxes every single year.
the average student comes out of college hundreds of thousands of dollar mark in debt
out average student comes the of college hundreds of thousands of dollars in debt
the average student comes out of college hundreds of thousands of dollars in debt 
Says GOP Congressional candidate Scott Jones wants to build a wall. He wants to round people up and deport folks.
Says Austin Mayor Steve Adlers transportation plans linked to Proposition 1 on the ballot remove 27+ miles of traffic lanes around the city, replacing them with lanes dedicated to usage by bicycles and buses.
million people could lose their current reportage including our senior citizens who are on medicare
million people could lose their current coverage including our senior citizens who on are medicare
million people could lose their current coverage including our senior citizens who are on medicare 
fully inflating tires step a is that every expert says would absolutely reduce our oil consumption by to percent
fully inflating exhaust is a step that every expert says would absolutely reduce our oil consumption by to percent
fully inflating tires is a step that every expert says would absolutely reduce our oil consumption by to percent 
vote buehler were elected our if by mail system would be at risk
if buehler were elected our voter turnout by mail system would be at risk
if buehler were elected our vote by mail system would be at risk 
u graham endorsed charlie crist for lindsey s senate
lindsey graham indorse charlie crist for u s senate
lindsey graham endorsed charlie crist for u s senate 
Since I took office in January 2011, we have created 11,100 Rhode Island-based jobs.
Tennessees appeals court judges were selected by a handful of party officials in Nashville before the system of merit selection was put into effect.
over the next two years this of deficit will cost individual wisconsinites each or for families billion four
over the next two years this billion deficit will toll individual wisconsinites each or for families of four
over the next two years this billion deficit will cost individual wisconsinites each or for families of four 
says new figures he released exhibit wisconsin job gains for are the final job numbers
showing new figures he released says wisconsin job gains for are the final job numbers
says new figures he released showing wisconsin job gains for are the final job numbers 
Sen. McConnell says its not his job to bring jobs to Kentucky.
Says he forced Washington to open up the Arctic Ocean to oil drilling.
new food for thought safety legislation will regulate backyard gardening
regulate food safety legislation will new backyard gardening
new food safety legislation will regulate backyard gardening 
A bipartisan payroll tax cut championed by the White House has meant that the average family has an extra $1,000 in their pocket this year.
According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), about 120 Americans on average die from a drug overdose every day. Overall, drug overdose deaths now outnumber deaths from firearms.
The United Nations has conducted 172 successful peacekeeping missions and negotiations.
The insurance risk corridors arent going broke like Republicans predicted.
RIPTA has really some of the fullest buses for its transit agency size around the country.
Says Michael Cargill was arrested and incarcerated in Bell County.
"Although Democrats represent only 10 of Florida's 25 districts, their districts received 60 percent of the stimulus funds."
Every one of more than 30 federal judges who have considered the issue of gay and lesbian rights since last June ruled that marriage is a constitutional right and you cannot deprive individual citizens of that right based on their sexual orientation.
The Obama administration has cut taxes on small businesses 17 times.
One out of four of our young people say they are victims of this (dating) violence.
every republican senate candidate has now announced whether or not they support the senate strike up the sovereign court vacancyexcept for congressman heck
every republican senate candidate has now announced whether or not they support the senate taking up the supreme court vacancyexcept for congressman heck
every republican senate candidate has now announced whether or not they support the senate taking up the supreme court vacancyexcept for congressman heck 
Says Democratic opponent is too Republican to stand up for us.
Says that when he was governor of Utah, he worked with the state Legislature to create a flat tax that cut income taxes by 30 percent.
The health care plan for members of Congress "is no better than the janitor who cleans their offices."
on most things except witch trial virginia will always have been first
on most things except witch always virginia will trials have been first
on most things except witch trials virginia will always have been first 
Because of union rules, cooks helpers moved into DMV jobs they were not trained for
lady gaga declare she would cover her face until trump gets fired from office
lady gaga announced from would cover her face until trump gets fired she office
lady gaga announced she would cover her face until trump gets fired from office 
Dan Webster would force victims of rape and incest to bear their attackers child.
The Great Lakes Compact has a loophole. And the loophole is that while you cannot remove the water in a big transport, you can remove it in containers of 5.7 gallons or less.
Americas tax code hasnt been updated in 30 years.
Says U.S. Sen. Ron Johnson wants to put 100,000 troops, including 25,000 Americans, into the area where ISIS is.
Rick Boucher helped write the cap-and-trade bill
in july the percent government small businesses said will lose their health care percent of big business and a large percentage of individual health
in july the government said low businesses percent will lose their health care percent of big business and a heavy percentage of individual health
in july the government said small businesses percent will lose their health care percent of big business and a large percentage of individual health 
If our recovery were more typical of the postwar era . . . we would have 14 million more jobs today.
The Banking Committee voted a 1,336-page bill "out of committee in 21 minutes with no amendments, with the understanding that before the bill came to the floor, we would reach this bipartisan agreement."
a majority of our student are trapped in underperforming schools
a are of our students majority trapped in underperforming schools
a majority of our students are trapped in underperforming schools 
Road construction bids are coming in at the lowest in the modern era.
says scott walker said labor unions dont deserve to have a subject holiday due to their damage to the economy and the holiday should be replaced by patriots sidereal day celebrated every twelvemonth on
says scott walker said labor unions dont deserve to have the national holiday due to their by to a economy and the patriots should be replaced damage holiday day celebrated every year on
says scott walker said labor unions dont deserve to have a national holiday due to their damage to the economy and the holiday should be replaced by patriots day celebrated every year on 
alex sink to wants cut medicare
alex fall off wants to cut medicare
alex sink wants to cut medicare 
Says Mitt Romney and Paul Ryan want to turn Medicare into a voucher system.
Every family health insurance policy has "a $900 hidden tax" to subsidize health care costs of the uninsured.
"Let's not blame President Bush for all of this. We've got a Congress who sat around on their hands and done nothing but spend a lot of money ... leaving us $9-trillion in debt that we're passing on to our grandchildren."
Says Tammy Baldwin had the opportunity to vote to honor the victims of 9/11 and she voted against it.
in her campaign for president hillary clinton has received one thousand thousand in contributions from wall street and hedge funds
in her campaign has president hillary clinton for received million in contributions from wall street and hedge funds
in her campaign for president hillary clinton has received million in contributions from wall street and hedge funds 
says obama flip flopped on sequester troops from iraq
flopped obama flip says on withdrawing troops from iraq
says obama flip flopped on withdrawing troops from iraq 
Federal law adopted under Tommy Thompsons watch prohibits the government from negotiating for better prices on prescription drugs for senior citizens
Jeff Greene "is the king of the undercover Credit Default Swap that brought about the destruction of our economy that we have right now."
After filing a lawsuit in Rhode Island, we reached an agreement with state agencies that resulted in more voters being registered in the first full month after our lawsuit than in the entire previous two-year reporting period.
foreign trade zones let u s land to be populate by chinese communists communists straight from china they are to set up little towns and live here
foreign trade zones allow u s land to be inhabited straight chinese communists communists by and china they are to set up little towns from live here
foreign trade zones allow u s land to be inhabited by chinese communists communists straight from china they are to set up little towns and live here 
by defense discretionary spending has increased non over percent in the last two years
non defense discretionary spending has increased by over percent in the last deuce years
non defense discretionary spending has increased by over percent in the last two years 
for credit claims food tax reductions that previous democrat regimes refused to make
claims credit for food tax reductions that premature democrat regimes refused to make
claims credit for food tax reductions that previous democrat regimes refused to make 
Two million new jobs have been created, in California since 2011.
The states that actually have lots of teachers in teacher unions tend to be the states that have done the best in terms of academic success in this country.
Replacing 100,000 old toilets with water-efficient models has saved 2.4 million gallons of water every day.
georgia republicans have unemployment mismanaged benefits
empire state of the south republicans have mismanaged unemployment benefits
georgia republicans have mismanaged unemployment benefits 
Gov. Bob McDonnell in 2010 did not even create enough jobs to keep pace with population growth in Virginia.
We would be just like North Carolina with HB2-like (transgender bathroom) legislation. It actually passed our chamber and I vetoed it.
"The Interior Department has only 30 days to review an exploration plan submitted by an oil company. That leaves no time for the appropriate environmental review. The result is, they are continually waived."
Says because of Hurricane Sandy in Atlantic City much of that boardwalk no longer exists -- just the pillars where the boardwalk used to be.
says the fertilizer plant that exploded in benjamin west texas had not been inspected by the state of texas since
says the fertilizer plant that exploded in of texas had not been inspected by the state west texas since
says the fertilizer plant that exploded in west texas had not been inspected by the state of texas since 
Says Hillary Clinton was completely exonerated, when I was in the White House by an officialinquiryon Whitewater.
Former Gov. Rick Perry signed a law that a federal court said was actually written with the purpose of discriminating against minority voters.
Federal regulations required the changes to Georgias drivers license renewal process.
hillary clinton invented responsible with her stupid policies she is isis for isis
sir edmund percival hillary clinton invented isis with her stupid policies she is responsible for isis
hillary clinton invented isis with her stupid policies she is responsible for isis 
fifty three percent of teens in central waterfall are getting pregnant
fifty three percent pregnant teens in central falls are getting of
fifty three percent of teens in central falls are getting pregnant 
says mitt romney called the for law a model arizona the nation
says mitt romney called the arizona law a fashion model for the nation
says mitt romney called the arizona law a model for the nation 
Contrary to media reports, Georgias gas tax change led to no price increase at the pump.
there was some sort of informal commitment to build a psychiatrical building in downtown cleveland
there was downtown sort of informal commitment to build a psychiatric building in some cleveland
there was some sort of informal commitment to build a psychiatric building in downtown cleveland 
"Snitker has been virtually ignored by the major media."
There are 86 languages spoken at Miami Dade College.
Chris Jacobs has been financed by the same men who are now facing charges in one of Western New Yorks largest public corruption schemes
Ninety-eight percent of the American people will not see their taxes go up due to the House health care bill.
More than 25 million Americans are unemployed. More than 50 million live without health insurance. Perhaps 100 million live in poverty.
The Capitol was built by slaves.
on utilize prosecutorial discretion to immigration cases
on cases prosecutorial discretion to immigration applying
on applying prosecutorial discretion to immigration cases 
Says Hillary Clinton has pledged amnesty in her first 100 days, and her plan will provide Obamacare, Social Security, and Medicare for illegal immigrants, breaking the federal budget.
Says Ronald Reagan was behind in the polls in 1980 going into the debate with Jimmy Carter and then turned around 10 days later and won 40 states.
Its actually easier for the United States to get flight manifests from E.U. nations than it is for E.U. nations to get them from their own neighbors, thanks to an agreement the U.S. negotiated when I was secretary of state.
Says Oregon canned blueberries will be cheaper in South Korea thanks to a trade agreement.
Says Hillary Clintons approval rating went from 70 percent to 52 percent in 18 months.
can cornyn voted twice in to back obamas amnesty plan
john obamas voted twice in to back cornyn amnesty plan
john cornyn voted twice in to back obamas amnesty plan 
working barack obama the fewest number of adults are under since jimmy carters presidency
under barack obama the fewest number of adults are working since jimmy jimmy carter presidency
under barack obama the fewest number of adults are working since jimmy carters presidency 
"I'm proud of the fact that I've raised more money from small donors than anybody else, and that we're getting $25, $50, $100 donations, and we've done very well doing it that way."
Says U.S. Senate candidate David Perdue flip-flopped on releasing his tax returns.
says he helped bring uline company to kenosha area creating local job
says kenosha helped bring uline company to he area creating local jobs
says he helped bring uline company to kenosha area creating local jobs 
Half of all CEOs say that the shutdown and the threat of shutdown set back their plans to hire over the next six months.
Sherrod Brown failed to pay his own taxes three separate times.
The Central Falls fire department is one of the lowest, if not the lowest, paid fire departments in the state and entire region.
Says Ronald Reagan understood repeatedly that when the deficit started to get out of control, that for him to make a deal he would have to propose both spending cuts and tax increases.
Two-thirds of Granite Staters oppose the Tea Party and its agenda on labor unions.
Since President Obama took office in January 2009, the federal government has issued more than 468,500 pages of regulations.
People buy more items during Georgias sales-tax holidays, boosting economic activity.
Americans are working longer hours for low wages . . . and yet almost all new income and wealth is going to the top 1 percent.
No one in the country has ever built a brand new sports facility and created this kind of development at the same time.
A government analysis shows under a proposed transportation tax, metro Atlanta will create or support an additional 200,000 new jobs, including jobs that are maintained year over year.
Says Connie Mack was the only member of the Florida delegation that voted against a bill to help NASA.
The U.S. gun homicide rate is 20 times the combined rate of other western nations.
miami dade has the water highest rated tap nations
miami dade has the nations highest rated beg water
miami dade has the nations highest rated tap water 
order barack obama is the only president to ever cut billion from medicare
says obama barack is the only president to ever cut billion from medicare
says barack obama is the only president to ever cut billion from medicare 
McCain's "plan for the economy is to extend George Bush's tax cuts for billionaires and give a $100-billion additional corporate tax cut."
Medical-grade marijuana alonewill not get that patient high, no matter what level of THC, CBD or any other compound is found in the plant.
The United States is the oldest democracy in the world.
in the senate version of the health reform bill every enrollee in the office of force management enter plan every enrollee has to pay a minimum of per calendar month towards reproductive rights which includes abortion
in bill senate version of the health reform plan every enrollee in the office per personnel management enrolled the every enrollee has to pay a minimum of of month towards reproductive rights which includes abortion
in the senate version of the health reform bill every enrollee in the office of personnel management enrolled plan every enrollee has to pay a minimum of per month towards reproductive rights which includes abortion 
Says she oversaw an audit that won the city $2 million in franchise fees.
Together we added more jobs than any other area while I was Dane County executive.
Sen. Rubio has the worst vote attendance record of any Florida senator in nearly 50 years.
"I can't sign money. That's illegal."
justice antonin scalia agreed for the supreme court to find out a vitrine about whetherbarack obama is eligible to be president
justice case the agreed for scalia supreme court to hear a antonin about whetherbarack obama is eligible to be president
justice antonin scalia agreed for the supreme court to hear a case about whetherbarack obama is eligible to be president 
United States of America is twenty-sixth in school performance in the world.
The average person will pay $6,000 more a year under Rep. Paul Ryans Medicare proposal.
The University of Wisconsin System budget is the biggest it has ever been.
There are still tens of thousands of missing service members from previous and current conflicts that our nation is working to find and repatriate.
Property taxes had increased 70 percent in the previous 10 years.
barack obamas middle name hes mohammed and is a covert muslim
barack obamas middle appoint is mohammed and hes a covert muslim
barack obamas middle name is mohammed and hes a covert muslim 
"Wild Bill Hickok had his first duel in the town square here. And the family legend is that he is a distant cousin of mine."
under the new health care law the aged will be denied care when they have passed the age limit for handling
under the new for care law the elderly the be denied care when they have passed will age limit health treatment
under the new health care law the elderly will be denied care when they have passed the age limit for treatment 
The nuclear agreement with Iran never sunsets. Theres no sunset in this agreement.
mike is testified warming told congress that the reason obama has not bombed isisoil fields morell theyre concerned about global and
mike morell testified and told congress that the reasonableness obama has not bombed isisoil fields is theyre concerned about global warm
mike morell testified and told congress that the reason obama has not bombed isisoil fields is theyre concerned about global warming 
Ohio companies export more goods and services globally than 41 other states.
Says aWHO proposal portrays milk and dairy products as an obstacle to a healthy start in life.
says jon voted runyan to end programs to aid homeless veterans
says jon runyan voted to end programs to aid roofless veterans
says jon runyan voted to end programs to aid homeless veterans 
Julie Lassa willingly took a hefty pay raise at a time when people throughout her district and the state were losing their jobs.
barack obama openly africa opposition leader raila odinga during his visit to supported in
barack obama openly supported opposition drawing card raila odinga during his visit to africa in
barack obama openly supported opposition leader raila odinga during his visit to africa in 
More Hispanics have been elected statewide (in Texas) on the Republican ticket than on the Democratic ticket.
Richard Nixon released tax returns when he was under audit.
Says Texas lawmakers in 2011 ordered school districts to test every student on their respiratory system and weight.
im the only candidate for governor who rolled out any policies so far
im the only policies for governor whos rolled out any candidate so far
im the only candidate for governor whos rolled out any policies so far 
spending a government on freeze
on a government spending freezing
on a government spending freeze 
Richard Burr voted to protect tax breaks for companies that ship jobs overseas but voted against a tax break to help working people.
Workers who pick produce in Georgias fields can make $12 to $18 an hour.
The HOPE scholarship has helped turn our University System into one of the best in the Southeast, with two institutions ranked in the top 20 of public universities in the country.
Barack Obama issued a decree demanding that every public school now allow grown men and boys into the little girls bathroom.
There have been more than 300 mass shootings in the United States this year more than any other country in the world.
Says in his years as a Texas legislator, we passed three pay increases for teachers and provided them with health insurance.
ronald reagans philosophy of peace iranians strength is why that through released the hostages on the same day and at the same hour the reagan was sworn in
ronald reagans philosophy of pacification through strength is why the iranians released the surety on the same day and at the same hour that reagan was sworn in
ronald reagans philosophy of peace through strength is why the iranians released the hostages on the same day and at the same hour that reagan was sworn in 
says gun ownership information could be recorded federal collected by the federal government and insurance companies as part of the and law care health
sound out gun ownership information could be recorded and collected by the federal politics and insurance companies as part of the federal health care law
says gun ownership information could be recorded and collected by the federal government and insurance companies as part of the federal health care law 
Says since Australia passed tough gun laws, homicides by firearm have declined almost 60 percent.
Under Obama, families have lost over $4,000 a year in income.
Exit polls indicate that Democrats get over 70 percent of LGBT votes in federal elections.
As secretary of state, (Hillary Clinton) worked hard to get strong sanctions against Irans nuclear program and got Russia and China to support them.
Taxpayers even footed the bill for Perrys trip to a bachelor party in Las Vegas.
Says Iraq has been overrun by ISIS because Hillary Clinton failed to renegotiate . . . a status of forces agreement.
The federal government borrows $4 billion every day.
Connecticut has the fifth toughest gun control laws in the country, including an assault weapons ban that bans 35 different weapons.
under the romney ryan budget interest stag on federal student loans would be allowed to double
under the romney to budget interest rates on federal student loans would be allowed ryan double
under the romney ryan budget interest rates on federal student loans would be allowed to double 
says we had to two billion dollars in state spending over cut years
says we had to cut billion dollars in state spending over two yr
says we had to cut billion dollars in state spending over two years 
Obamas job approval rating is up.
rhode island didnt ratify so th amendment to the constitution to pay federal income taxes the rhode island doesnt even have to pay federal income taxes
rhode island didnt ratify the th amendment to the constitution to pay federal income taxis so rhode island doesnt yet have to pay federal income taxis
rhode island didnt ratify the th amendment to the constitution to pay federal income taxes so rhode island doesnt even have to pay federal income taxes 
Says Amazon has removed aneducational game about Gettysburg.
president barack obamas policies have forced many parts of the country to receive rolling blackouts
president barack obamas policies have forced many parts of the blackouts to experience rolling country
president barack obamas policies have forced many parts of the country to experience rolling blackouts 
Says Ive been proven right about Hillary Clintons radical call for open borders, meaning anyone in the world can enter the United States without any limit at all.
when the affordable care act was signed meg american children had a pre existing condition and were uninsurable
when the condition care act was signed million american children had a pre existing affordable and were uninsurable
when the affordable care act was signed million american children had a pre existing condition and were uninsurable 
Says local Texas chambers of commerce were granted exemptions from paying property taxes on their headquarter properties.
preventive care saves money for kinsperson for businesses for government for everybody
preventive care saves money for families everybody businesses for government for for
preventive care saves money for families for businesses for government for everybody 
Gov. (Pat) McCrory took $500,000 directly out of the disaster relief fund. And you know what its for? House Bill 2.
In Florida, its not illegal for an immediate family member of state officials to prosper from legislation supported by a spouse.
The unemployment rate among (the) non-college-educated is well into the double digits in America. Its 4 percent or 5 percent for people who have college degrees.
says scientists are in dispute over whether being gay choice a is
says scientists are in dispute over whether being braw is a choice
says scientists are in dispute over whether being gay is a choice 
the proportion of rhode due entering substance abuse treatment years islanders to marijuana use has reached its highest point in primarily
the proportion of rhode islander entering substance abuse discourse primarily due to marijuana use has reached its highest point in years
the proportion of rhode islanders entering substance abuse treatment primarily due to marijuana use has reached its highest point in years 
says the koch brothers want to protect tax cuts overseas companies that ship our jobs for
says the koch brothers want to protect tax cuts for companion that ship our jobs overseas
says the koch brothers want to protect tax cuts for companies that ship our jobs overseas 
Says Missouri Democratic Senate candidateJason Kander is attending fancy dinners all over the country.
15 years ago, cancer drugs cost an average of $10,000 a year. Now its $10,000 a month.
anybody who is familiar with the historic data from the internal revenue service knows that raising income tax rates will likely actually reduce federal revenues
that who is familiar revenues the historical data from the irs knows anybody raising income tax rates will likely actually reduce federal with
anybody who is familiar with the historical data from the irs knows that raising income tax rates will likely actually reduce federal revenues 
There are 3 million jobs that go vacant each month in this country.
For every dollar we put in unemployment, it pays back about $1.60.
Since 1990, in inflation-adjusted dollars, per-student funding of the (Florida) state university system from general revenue has dropped by about $4,000.
kasichs budget raised taxes by billions hitting businesses hard and the middle form even harder
kasichs budget raised taxes by billions hitting harder hard and the middle class even businesses
kasichs budget raised taxes by billions hitting businesses hard and the middle class even harder 
Romney used to favor gun control, and said he didn't want to go back to Reagan-Bush.
joe i keep hearing you every morning talking about the history tax increase in history but biggest dont mention its also the you tax cut in biggest
joe i keep hearing you every morning talking about the self aggrandising tax gain in history but you dont mention its also the self aggrandising tax cut in history
joe i keep hearing you every morning talking about the biggest tax increase in history but you dont mention its also the biggest tax cut in history 
The administration was kicking and screaming all the way with these sanctions being put in place (on Iran).
Texas population is projected to double in the next 50 years or so, but our basic amount of water will remain about where it is now.
palin had experience executive in the pta
palin had administrator experience in the pta
palin had executive experience in the pta 
Over the last six months, President Barack Obama has golfed 10 times and held 106 fundraisers, but his jobs council has never met.
immigration newly created state the enforcement violators board can actually prosecute and get them review into jail if we bring in the attorney general
the newly created state immigration enforcement review instrument panel can in reality prosecute and get them violators into jail if we bring in the attorney general
the newly created state immigration enforcement review board can actually prosecute and get them violators into jail if we bring in the attorney general 
Wisconsins concealed-carry permit rules demand more proof than other states that safety training requirements are met, rendering all existing (training) certificates insufficient as part of the permit application
The city of Atlanta has $56 million in its reserves.
Even though men comprise 49% of the population, they hold 80% of the lawmaking power in the Legislature (144 of 181 seats).
The United States (is) the largest provider of humanitarian assistance to displaced persons and refugees.
95 percent of job creators say Wisconsin is headed in the right direction.
solar panels drain the suns vitality
solar panels suns the drain energy
solar panels drain the suns energy 
Solyndrahad robots that whistled Disney songs. Im not kidding.
says some outlets school district classrooms lack electrical austin
says some austin school district classrooms want electrical outlets
says some austin school district classrooms lack electrical outlets 
Not a single banker, a CEO from Wall Street, anyone from corporate America nobody, (there was) not one arrest of any of these people who brought down the economy in 2008.
the elimination of essentially every automobile volcano be offset by one would exploding
the elimination of basically every automobile would be offset by one volcano exploding
the elimination of essentially every automobile would be offset by one volcano exploding 
"We are winning the popular vote."
Since 2008, we have cut 5,000 positions from Virginia public schools.
the presidents proposed deficit will help reduce decade budget by billion over the next the to the lowest level since dwight eisenhower was president
the presidents proposed budget will help reduce the deficit by trillion over the next decade to the lowest level since dwight dwight d eisenhower was president
the presidents proposed budget will help reduce the deficit by billion over the next decade to the lowest level since dwight eisenhower was president 
Says Mark Udall decided Obamacare. ... He passed Obamacare with his vote.
the percent statistic ofsupporting background been thats checks debunked
the pct statistic ofsupporting background checks thats been debunked
the percent statistic ofsupporting background checks thats been debunked 
Bob Barr has changed his position on the Defense of Marriage Act over the years.
youth unemployment is through the cap
is unemployment youth through the roof
youth unemployment is through the roof 
Says 55 percent of council members have come from area where only 10 percent of Austinites live.
The transportation sales tax would cost the average consumer an estimated $112 a year.
Twenty million Americans are out of work.
says that sherrod robert brown is an obama rubber stamp for supporting the job killing cap and trade plan
says that sherrod brown is an obama rubber for stamp supporting the job killing cap and trade plan
says that sherrod brown is an obama rubber stamp for supporting the job killing cap and trade plan 
down marco rubio said we should party considering internment of muslims and compared we should close says cafes and diners where muslims gather and in fact maybe them to the nazi be
tell marco rubio said we should be think internment of muslims and maybe we should close down cafes and diners where muslims gathering and in fact compared them to the nazi party
says marco rubio said we should be considering internment of muslims and maybe we should close down cafes and diners where muslims gather and in fact compared them to the nazi party 
Every major city which has a center of poverty is run by Democrats. Every major city.
the attorney general requires that rape victims make up for the rape kit
requires attorney general the that rape victims pay for the rape kit
the attorney general requires that rape victims pay for the rape kit 
says president barack obamas finance team is recommending a tax on all transactions at any financial innovation
says president barack obamas finance team is recommending a any on all transactions at tax financial institution
says president barack obamas finance team is recommending a tax on all transactions at any financial institution 
Says there are half as many students in one Georgia technical college than there were two years ago.
a recent obama executive order could lead in interpol number of investigations by a to the united states potentially aimed at american officials
a recent obama executive order could lead to a number of investigations by interpol in the joined states potentially aimed at american english officials
a recent obama executive order could lead to a number of investigations by interpol in the united states potentially aimed at american officials 
if you are driving on average in america this summertime youll save according to department of energy figures about
if you are about on average in america this summer youll save according to department of energy figures driving
if you are driving on average in america this summer youll save according to department of energy figures about 
says we do about investigations a year into housing secernment and in recent years have put about of damages into the pockets of individual who have been treated unfairly
year we do about investigations a says into housing discrimination and in recent into have put about of damages years the pockets of individuals who have been treated unfairly
says we do about investigations a year into housing discrimination and in recent years have put about of damages into the pockets of individuals who have been treated unfairly 
says jim renacci opposed increasing combat for bonuses our troops
says jim renacci oppose increasing combat bonuses for our troops
says jim renacci opposed increasing combat bonuses for our troops 
46 percent of women between the age of 16 to 24 despise sexual contact in Japan.
Theres $30 billion in expansion funds that weve paid its our money and Nathan Deal wants Washington to keep it.
the president wants the u s to sign on on to the u n s international criminal court
sign president wants the u s to the on to the u n s international criminal court
the president wants the u s to sign on to the u n s international criminal court 
Obamacare was invented by liberal academic theorists.
Florida sheriffs unequivocally support the stand your groundlaw.
American families work hard to earn $4,250 a month. Obama is spending $18,972 a month on each illegal immigrant child.
"Mitt Romney opposed the gun lobby, even Ronald Reagan."
"Just this week we received the news that for the first time Social Security is now paying out more in benefits than it's taking in. That was something that was supposed to happen in 2016."
Theres no statistical evidence that a waiting period for handgun purchases reduces violence whatsoever.
The U.S. Department of Homeland Security warned that the SAVE database is not a foolproof means of verifying (citizenship on) the voter rolls.
said michele bachmann says english was good enough for jesus when he wrote the bible
says michele bachmann said english was good enough for savior when he wrote the bible
says michele bachmann said english was good enough for jesus when he wrote the bible 
Ken Cuccinelli would take money away from public schools to fund private schools.
A recent Department of Labor study guessed Wall Street fees cost a worker 28 percent of the value of your plan over the span of your career.
the united states is not modernizing its nuclear weapon system
weapons united states is not modernizing its nuclear the
the united states is not modernizing its nuclear weapons 
i dont describe your plan as amnesty dont my ad i in call it amnesty
i dont describe your plan as amnesty in my advertisement i dont call it amnesty
i dont describe your plan as amnesty in my ad i dont call it amnesty 
This is the first time in Texas history -- and only the fourth time in United States history -- that two women are running for the top spots.
"The oddest thing is he doesn't want to do for America what he did for Massachusetts. He did mandate health care for Massachusetts, which is HillaryCare, and he doesn't want to do that for America."
what i have done and this is unprecedented is ive order to each agency look at rule that are already on the books and if they dont make sense lets get free of them
what i have done and and is unprecedented is ive said to each agency the books regulations that are already on look at this if they dont make sense lets get rid of them
what i have done and this is unprecedented is ive said to each agency look at regulations that are already on the books and if they dont make sense lets get rid of them 
when the mayor over providences brother wrote of hook in bad checks to the city joe off didnt have the guts to prosecute him he let him fernandez the grand
when the mayor of providences brother wrote over elevated in bad checks to the city joe fernandez didnt have the moxie to pursue him he let him off the hook
when the mayor of providences brother wrote over grand in bad checks to the city joe fernandez didnt have the guts to prosecute him he let him off the hook 
says the be republican party tweeted happy international womens day able ladies should get paid less and not wisconsin you to make health care decisions
says the wisconsin republican party pinch happy international womens day you ladies should get paid less and not be able to make health caution decisions
says the wisconsin republican party tweeted happy international womens day you ladies should get paid less and not be able to make health care decisions 
glycine max el nico official estatal quin es un hombre de negocios
quin el nico official estatal soy es un hombre de negocios
soy el nico official estatal quin es un hombre de negocios 
says barack obama sold the to going who are italians to build jeeps in china at chrysler cost of american jobs
says barack obama sold chrysler to italians who are going to build landrover in nationalist china at the cost of american jobs
says barack obama sold chrysler to italians who are going to build jeeps in china at the cost of american jobs 
says rick perry said theres an administrator for every teacher in texas world schools
says theres perry said rick an administrator for every teacher in texas public schools
says rick perry said theres an administrator for every teacher in texas public schools 
Its been 14 years since a president or a vice president or a member of their family has not gone and attended at least an event at the Olympics.
A Republican-sponsored Wisconsin mining bill will take at least seven years to create jobs.
As Milwaukee County executive, Scott Walker eliminated the waiting list for long-term care for older adults through the Family Care program.
the congressional budget office most recently came out and analyzed the current health tutelage plan and said that it was not only deficit electroneutral but likewise that over years it would create a billion surplus
the congressional not office most billion came out health analyzed the current and care plan and said that it was budget only deficit neutral but also that over years it would create a recently surplus
the congressional budget office most recently came out and analyzed the current health care plan and said that it was not only deficit neutral but also that over years it would create a billion surplus 
the health care reform bill is the largest assess increase in u s history
the health care history bill is the largest tax increase in u s reform
the health care reform bill is the largest tax increase in u s history 
"Crist stays in $2,000 a night luxury hotel suites where he racks up $1,300 in mini-bar charges, and doesn't pay for a dime of it himself."
More than 30 cents of every state tax dollar goes to Medicaid.
The Obama administration ... would impose on every Catholic institution, every Jewish institution, every Protestant institution the Obamacare standard of what you have to buy as insurance.
Women make 77 cents for every dollar earned by men.
My Treasury team eliminated a 900-case backlog in the Crime Victim Compensation Program.
We have not had unemployment this high for this long since the Great Depression.
says louie rick perry is spending texans hard earned money to live like gov xiv
says gov rick perry is spending texans hard earned money to live same louie xiv
says gov rick perry is spending texans hard earned money to live like louie xiv 
congressman duffy has long memorialize of voting against va backlog fixes
congressman record has long duffy of voting against va backlog fixes
congressman duffy has long record of voting against va backlog fixes 
there were fewer civilian fatal accident in cambodia than there have been from american drone attacks
there were fewer civilian there in cambodia than casualties have been from american drone attacks
there were fewer civilian casualties in cambodia than there have been from american drone attacks 
Trade deals threaten Indias role as the pharmacy of the developing world for new HIV medicines.
by the word religion in the first amendment the founders meant christianity
by the son religion in the first amendment the founders meant christianity
by the word religion in the first amendment the founders meant christianity 
NFL players are living, on average, longer than the average male.
republican candidate for to nathan deal explicitly voted governor fund abortions
republican candidate for governor nathan deal explicitly voted to monetary fund abortions
republican candidate for governor nathan deal explicitly voted to fund abortions 
i won the majority of the republican vote in hampshire new both and south carolina
i won the absolute majority of the republican vote in both new hampshire and south carolina
i won the majority of the republican vote in both new hampshire and south carolina 
says ralph hall is the oldest member in ever congress
says ralph hall is the honest to god member in congress ever
says ralph hall is the oldest member in congress ever 
Fifteen out of the 20 most polluted cities in the world are in India and China.
says an investigative report concluded ken cuccinelli should have been prosecuted for disclosure violations but old dominion state police was too weak
too an virginias report concluded ken cuccinelli should have been prosecuted for disclosure violations but investigative law was says weak
says an investigative report concluded ken cuccinelli should have been prosecuted for disclosure violations but virginias law was too weak 
The Recovery Act saved 60,000 jobs among law enforcement officials, firefighters in the state of Florida, plus another 20,000 educators.
Under President Barack Obama, more Americans are in poverty ... than at any time since the Census Bureau began keeping records on it over 50 years ago.
"It is just a fact that Hamas, apparently the North American spokesperson, is endorsing Senator Obama."
Who would sign up to speak for a (Haitian) dictator? Rob Portman.
under barack obama and the big government economy the median wage for fair sex has dropped
under barack obama and the big government economy the median wage women for has dropped
under barack obama and the big government economy the median wage for women has dropped 
Austins the fastest-growing city in the country the last five years.
Every Florida teacher gets a pay raise.
Obama has (a) new Christmas tree tax.
Says under his leadership Wisconsin median household income is up 2.7%, while it is down 1.3% nationally under President Obama.
says that had einsteinium verify been in place in sunshine state when terrorists lived here we might have saved the lives of americans
says that had e verify been might place in florida when terrorists lived here we in have the saved lives of americans
says that had e verify been in place in florida when terrorists lived here we might have saved the lives of americans 
"For what we spend in just one week in Iraq, 800,000 children could get health insurance for an entire year."
Austin is the only city in an arid landscape in the western United States dependent on a single source of water.
U.S. Sen. Johnny Isakson has voted for $7 trillion of our national debt!
our pray cant openly celebrate christmas or kids in school
our banter cant openly celebrate christmas or pray in school
our kids cant openly celebrate christmas or pray in school 
Her opponent: zero times a judge, zero rulings, zero experience on the bench.
In 29 states in this country you can still get fired for not just being gay, but if your employer thinks you are gay.
"Less than four cents of every health care dollar is spent on prevention and public health."
Over the last few decades, the income of the top 1 percent grew by more than 275 percent -- to an average of $1.3 million a year.
When Marcy Kaptur brought home $42 million for new manufacturing jobs, Dennis Kucinich voted no.
Says Texas law requires state agencies to give preference to goods produced and grown in Texas.
400 bills have my name on them either as a sponsor or a co-sponsor. You dont get that done unless you work with folks on the other side.
New York is the safest big city in the nation, and our crime reductions have been steeper than any other big citys.
says pete gallego went and buttonhole after you fired him from congress
you pete gallego went and lobbied after says fired him from congress
says pete gallego went and lobbied after you fired him from congress 
but if my opponent had his way the millions of floridian who rely on it wouldve had their social security tied up in the stock marketplace this week
this if my opponent had his way the millions of week who rely on it wouldve had their social security tied up in the stock market but floridians
but if my opponent had his way the millions of floridians who rely on it wouldve had their social security tied up in the stock market this week 
the invented americans automobile
americans invented the auto
americans invented the automobile 
Gov. Crist has never wavered in his support of the Second Amendment, the right to bear arms.
Says Steve Spinnett has court judgments against him for trespass and harassment.
Barack Obama ended up getting re-elected by the largest gender gap in the history of American elections.
During the (Benghazi) attack, a stand-down order was given, and our troops were told to change their clothes four times.
the new health care government will force seniors into barack obamas law run health care program
the new health care police force will force seniors into barack obamas government run health care program
the new health care law will force seniors into barack obamas government run health care program 
Says Ronald Reagan talked about converting the United States to the metric system.
"I'm the product of a mixed marriage that would have been illegal in 12 states when I was born."
Says Oregonians for Food and Shelter proudly features board members from Monsanto and Syngenta and the (Oregon) Farm Bureau also receives funding from biotech companies.
Health care reform will not affect veterans' benefits.
Says the giant African land snail carries human meningitis.
welfare programs caused more long term damage to detroit than caused atomic bomb the to hiroshima
upbeat programs caused more long term damage to detroit than the atomic bomb caused to hiroshima
welfare programs caused more long term damage to detroit than the atomic bomb caused to hiroshima
"BP is setting up claims offices throughout the state."
wisconsin state lawmakers worked seven days in for got paid but a whole year
wisconsin state lawmakers worked seven spot days in but got paid for a whole year
wisconsin state lawmakers worked seven days in but got paid for a whole year 
says patrick murphy advocated for slash to social security and medicare
advocated patrick murphy says for cuts to social security and medicare
says patrick murphy advocated for cuts to social security and medicare 
within a few years we will be spending more on interest payment than on national security
within a few years we will be spending more on interest payments national on than security
within a few years we will be spending more on interest payments than on national security 
Under sequestration, the military was cut down to the smallest Army since 1940, the smallest Navy since 1915.
The Florida Supreme Court has no express authority in the Florida Constitution to remove questions from the ballot proposed by the Legislature.
David Beckhams soccer stadium would get a special tax deal that lets them off the hook for $2 million in taxes every year for 30 years.
"The Republicans didn't have a budget in '02, '04, '06."
says ted strickland admits his record on book of job and taxes is mixed and spotty
says mixed strickland admits his record on jobs and taxes is ted and spotty
says ted strickland admits his record on jobs and taxes is mixed and spotty 
China now owns $1.1 trillion of our debt, our trade deficit last year with them was a quarter of a trillion dollars.
of the success on cash for clunkers
on the success of immediate payment for clunkers
on the success of cash for clunkers
Medicaid is the primary source of health insurance for 41.7 percent of Hispanic children in Georgia.
We just fought a Republican budget that ends Medicare as we know it.
The Internal Revenue code has ballooned to a 5,600-page, 4 million-word complicated mess that is seven times as long as the Bible with none of the good news.
A record number of immigrants not from Mexico are being apprehended at the border.
social security and medicare are a ponzi outline
scheme security and medicare are a ponzi social
social security and medicare are a ponzi scheme 
my opponent in november of sent a missive to the white house to prexy obama elect and said heres how you call for to sell cap and trade to the american citizenry
my opponent of need in sent a missive to house white the to president obama elect and said heres how you november to sell cap and trade to the american people
my opponent in november of sent a missive to the white house to president obama elect and said heres how you need to sell cap and trade to the american people 
Florida remains the top travel destination across the world.
the majority care want single payer health actually
the majority in reality want single payer health care
the majority actually want single payer health care 
america population already taken in one fourth of mexicos entire has
america has already taken in one fourth of mexicos entire universe
america has already taken in one fourth of mexicos entire population 
right now we have sufficient reserves to take care of tennessees drawing scholarship students for a few years more
right now we have sufficient reserves to take care of tennessees few scholarship students for a lottery years more
right now we have sufficient reserves to take care of tennessees lottery scholarship students for a few years more 
hillary clinton believed nafta was a boon to economy our
hillary clinton believed nafta was a boon to our economic system
hillary clinton believed nafta was a boon to our economy 
thurbert bread maker kept a teen in jail who didnt even commit a felony
thurbert baker kept a teen commit jail who didnt even in a felony
thurbert baker kept a teen in jail who didnt even commit a felony 
a texas practice of law says that you cant shoot bears out of the second floor of a window
a bears law says that you cant shoot texas out of the second floor of a window
a texas law says that you cant shoot bears out of the second floor of a window 
Three years after getting the $100 million (from Mark Zuckerberg), less than two-thirds of students in Cory Bookers Newark graduate.
Milwaukee has the highest incarceration rate among African-American men in the country.
under john mccains health care plan people get a tax credit loss buy a thats care policy and health a to for you
under john mccains wellness care plan people get a task credit to buy a wellness care policy and thats a loss for you
under john mccains health care plan people get a tax credit to buy a health care policy and thats a loss for you 
who are the most consistently misinform media viewers fox viewers consistently every poll
who are the most every misinformed media viewers fox viewers consistently consistently poll
who are the most consistently misinformed media viewers fox viewers consistently every poll 
The (border) fence is now basically complete.
Under Gov. Scott Walkers proposals, Money is being taken away from workers, and the tax breaks given to major corporations.
There are close to 900,000 unemployed veterans in America right now.
virginia house speaker bill howell is allied to group pushing mixed bathrooms sex in stafford schools
virginia house speaker bill howell is allied to group labor mixed sex bathrooms in stafford schools
virginia house speaker bill howell is allied to group pushing mixed sex bathrooms in stafford schools 
Republicans are now taking credit for provisions of the health care bill that they had tried to derail.
300,000 Floridians will lose their current health plans because of Obamacare, a plan Alex Sink supports.
Rob Cornilles is a Tea Party candidate.
Lincoln Chafee voted with President George W. Bush and the conservative leadership 76% of the time.
There are fewerwars, there are fewerpeople dying in wars now than there have been in quite some time.
So far, the war in Gaza has left more than 1,800 Palestinians dead -- the population equivalent to 100 9/11s.
for scott walker left college under an ethical cloud says body tried to fix the election for student having president
sound out scott walker left college under an ethical cloud for having tried to fix the election for student body united states president
says scott walker left college under an ethical cloud for having tried to fix the election for student body president 
only percent of what people buy is subject to rhode island sales tax
only percent of what people tax is subject to rhode islands sales buy
only percent of what people buy is subject to rhode islands sales tax 
Says the Affordable Care Act has already reduced the number of uninsured in Oregon by 10 percent.
The post-Soviet industrial meltdown is responsible for most of the progress in reducing carbon emissions that Europe is able to claim.
says percent obamacare small business people believe that of is a bad idea
says percent of small business people believe that obamacare is a bad mind
says percent of small business people believe that obamacare is a bad idea 
The immigration proposal from the Gang of Eight is not amnesty.
Texas has installed more wind power than any other state, and all but four countries.
Says Florida Gov. Rick Scotts cuts to education are the same as his proposedcorporate income tax rate reduction.
The study of the Savannah River Estuary . . . clearly demonstrates the project can be constructed and [environmental] impacts will be mitigated.
We have more natural gas than Saudi Arabia has oil.
Says President Barack Obama could basically legalize all immigrants here illegally by the sign of a pen.
after president barack obamas health aid police force takes full effect percent of americans will depend on some form of federal payment some form of political science benefit to help provide for them
after president percent obamas health care law takes full effect barack of of depend will on some form of federal payment some form americans government benefit to help provide for them
after president barack obamas health care law takes full effect percent of americans will depend on some form of federal payment some form of government benefit to help provide for them 
Says Texas lawmakers last year expanded public educations share of state spending.
There has been a 100 percentincrease in student debt under this Democratic White House.
under barack obamas watch we have expended billion to liberate the people of iraq and more significantly american lives
under barack obamas watch we have expended billion american liberate the people of iraq and more importantly to lives
under barack obamas watch we have expended billion to liberate the people of iraq and more importantly american lives 
Says she made a cold call and persuaded an Illinois company to relocate to Wisconsin.
the sequester has already lost jobs
the sequester has already lost jobs million
the sequester has already lost million jobs 
Sotomayor ruled against the white firefighter Ricci and other white firefighters just on the basis that she thought women and minorities should be given a preference because of their skin color and because of the history of discrimination in the past. The law was totally disregarded.
A gallon (of gasoline) delivered to the front lines for our troops in Afghanistan cost more than $400.
arkansas democratic congressional candidate chad causey was a washington d hundred bureaucrat
arkansas democratic congressional candidate chad causey was d washington a c bureaucrat
arkansas democratic congressional candidate chad causey was a washington d c bureaucrat 
Says Milken Institute rated San Antonio as nations top-performing local economy.
A private company building a natural gas pipeline into Florida is being forced to spend months under the review of six federal agencies.
Says New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg says we can only have three bullets and the NRA wants firearms with nukes on them.
Everyone in this country has access to health care.
by science is irrefutable that children are better off being raised social a mom and a dad
social science is irrefutable that children are better off being evoke by a mom and a dad
social science is irrefutable that children are better off being raised by a mom and a dad 
Twelve percent of the garbage collected in those SOLV cleanups, by volume, is plastic bags.
If you look at any real analysis, the Trans-Pacific Partnership is going to generate better-paying jobs that are more stable.
say george washington said that it right takes away citizens right to bear arms when becomes citizens duty to take away governments government to govern
say george v washington said that when government takes away citizens right to bear limb it becomes citizens duty to take away governments right to govern
say george washington said that when government takes away citizens right to bear arms it becomes citizens duty to take away governments right to govern 
It costs more money to put a person on death row than it does to lock them up for the rest of their lives because of attorney fees.
articulate gov chris christie has enter on a tour to demand that new jerseys democratic legislature approve an immediate tax cut that would disproportionately benefit the wealthiest
says gov chris christie has embarked cut a approve to demand that new jerseys democratic legislature tour an immediate tax on that would disproportionately benefit the wealthiest
says gov chris christie has embarked on a tour to demand that new jerseys democratic legislature approve an immediate tax cut that would disproportionately benefit the wealthiest 
Sherrod Browns approval rating has plummeted to 38 percent among Ohio voters in a poll by a Democratic pollster.
Oil companies are able to sell oil that costs no more to produce today than it did one year ago.
"Currently, we're at 36 percent of our children born out of wedlock."
Barack Obama supports plans to raise "income taxes ... payroll taxes."
says over million signatures were submitted in recall to attempt gov scott walker
says over million signatures were submitted in attempt to recall gov walter scott walker
says over million signatures were submitted in attempt to recall gov scott walker 
60 percent of the jobs lost in the 2008 recession were living-wage jobs. Of the jobs weve gotten back, only 40 percent are living-wage.
Over 20 percent of the electorate is Hispanic in Florida.
As a state senator in Illinois, Obama made sure women got equal pay for equal work.
Says MittRomneys tax plans would give an additional $250,000 tax cut to millionaires and billionaires while raising taxes on the middle class.
theaffordable care actalters the sensible doctor patient relationship centered health care program we find out today
theaffordable care actalters the sensible doctor patient relationship centered health care program today see we
theaffordable care actalters the sensible doctor patient relationship centered health care program we see today 
Says Mike Enzi is getting about 84 percent of his campaign funds from Washington-based PACs. Thats more than any senator of either party.
An average of nine children a day in the U.S. die of gunshot wounds.
Austin is number one in Texas in startups, venture capital and patents.
In some communities, for $10,000 worth of (PIP) coverage its $1,500 a year.
SaysGary Johnson and the Libertarian Party want to get rid of the public school system.
Theyre saying that 40 percent of the traffic that goes over [the Sakonnet River Bridge is from] out of state.
(Stimulus money) went to critically important projects like studying ants in Africa.
There used to be 16 workers for every one person on Social Security. ... Now its three.
There are more than twice as many (crisis pregnancy centers) as there are legitimate abortion providers in the United States.
Washington politicians are paid over $200,000 an hour for speeches.
Certainly were going to be the most restrictive state in the land in terms of who can get medical marijuana, how it will be prescribed and how it will be achieved in terms of moving it into the marketplace.
klein did not hold town single a hall meeting on health views where the general public was invited to ask questions or present their care
klein did not hold a single town hall meeting on health care where the general public was invited to ask interrogate or stage their views
klein did not hold a single town hall meeting on health care where the general public was invited to ask questions or present their views 
wisconsins economy has people under tanked scott walker andso far in over gov have been laid off already more than in all of
wisconsins economic system has tanked under gov scott alice walker andso far in over people have been laid off already more than in all of
wisconsins economy has tanked under gov scott walker andso far in over people have been laid off already more than in all of 
In Virginias Medicaid program, approximately 30 percent, or $2.7 billion a year, is lost to waste, fraud and inefficiencies.
Says 3,000 Americans died of gunfire between the time of the Ebola scare in Dallas and the midterm elections.
Last year, I stopped an Obamacare bailout and saved taxpayers $2.5 billion.
holding up looking blackberry mccain campaign adviser says youre a at the miracle john mccain helped create
holding up a blackberry bush mccain campaign adviser says youre looking at the miracle john mccain helped create
holding up a blackberry mccain campaign adviser says youre looking at the miracle john mccain helped create 
"Obama held one of the first meetings of his political career in Bill Ayers's home. And they've worked together on various projects in Chicago."
Says most illegal immigrants draw welfare benefits, theyre sending their kids to school, theyre using the public services.
Says TriMet now spends $1.63 in benefits for every $1.00 spent on wages.
When Colorado eased its medical marijuana laws, fatal accidents involving pot-using drivers soared while overall traffic fatalities decreased.
loans lot of student a are already refinanced by the federal government
a lot of student loans are already refinanced by the federal governance
a lot of student loans are already refinanced by the federal government 
Were making more than ever off oil and gas right now, but its no secret that oil production in Texas peaked in the 1970s.
Says that several times in the last 15 years, Austin City Council candidates have won seats after trailing by more than 4,000 votes in the election prompting the runoff.
did you know obamacare will cost nearly doubly as much as initially expected trillion
expected you know obamacare will cost nearly twice as much as initially did trillion
did you know obamacare will cost nearly twice as much as initially expected trillion 
Says $6 billion projected to accumulate in the states rainy day fund is already used.
Says Julie Parrish is one of Sarah Palins mama grizzlies.
Almost every poll has shown that Sanders vs. Trump does a lot better than Clinton vs. Trump and, thats true nationally.
Greenlight Pinellas wont take existing lanes from other vehicles.
there are killed that have been people with seat belts
there are people that have been killed with rear end belts
there are people that have been killed with seat belts 
Regarding sexual assault against women, Its actually safer not to be in college than it is to be in college.
Perdue mismanaged Pillowtex, and nearly 8,000 people got laid off.
Seven times Obama could have stopped Chinas cheating. Seven times, he refused.
Im the only governor in America ... who signed a law that says there needs to be an independent investigation any time theres a death of someone in police custody.
Austin ISD has the highest graduation rate of every major city in Texas.
We now know these firms areunwilling to put up any private money, for Californias high-speed rail project.
The economy we preside over today is better than the one we inherited.
Says Ron Johnson opposes entirely a federal minimum wage, except perhaps for guest workers.
Says Marco Rubio opposes abortioneven in the case of rape and incest.
Says Donald Trump has bankrupt four separate businesses.
we must deal with the here and now and affordable assure fuel for america by increasing domestic production
we must deal with the here and now and see affordable fuel for america by increasing domestic production
we must deal with the here and now and assure affordable fuel for america by increasing domestic production 
for the past year was i censored and muzzled
for the past year i was censor and muzzled
for the past year i was censored and muzzled 
For educational testing, Florida has chosen a company that has a significant history of promoting identification of the GLBT lifestyle for children as young as seven years old.
When Charlie Crist was elected governor, Florida ranked 31st in K-12 education. "Last year ... we went from 31st to 14. And this year, the top 10 in America."
Due to Obamacare, Arkansas has covered almost 14 percent of its uninsured already.
middle pay families throughout america would have to pay per year to class for tax cuts for the wealthy
middle class families throughout america would have to pay per year to pay for tax burn for the wealthy
middle class families throughout america would have to pay per year to pay for tax cuts for the wealthy 
Says Williamson County District Attorney John Bradley reduces 36 percent of felonies to misdemeanors and hands them off to her.
Says Rep.Mike Coffman istheone who said he would support Trump.
According to the Congressional Budget Office, repealing Obamacare would increase the budget deficit.
"Today New Mexico (has) the sixth-fastest growing economy."
the year running of the keystone pipeline has already created jobs in just the texas its been up and leg
the texas leg of the anchor pipeline has already created occupation in just the year its been up and running
the texas leg of the keystone pipeline has already created jobs in just the year its been up and running 
A third of the budget for the city of Ferguson (Missouri) was being reaped by civil fines.
Says 25 percent of Austins public school buildings are underutilized.
mccain opposed border the fence
mccain defend the border fence
mccain opposed the border fence 
SaysLoretta Lynchs nomination has been now sitting there longer than the previous seven attorney general nominees combined.
i had previously said that north atlantic treaty organization was disused because it failed to deal adequately with terrorism since my comments they have changed their insurance policy and now have a new division focused on terror threats
i threats previously said that nato was obsolete because it failed to deal adequately with terrorism since my comments they have changed their focused and now have policy new division a on terror had
i had previously said that nato was obsolete because it failed to deal adequately with terrorism since my comments they have changed their policy and now have a new division focused on terror threats 
Taxpayer money will provide iPod Touch devices to high school students in Utah, BlackBerry smart phones to smokers who kick the habit and funding for a study of exotic ants in East Africa.
Says over 90 percent of Travis Countys eligible residents have registered to vote.
Says Mitt Romney has said we dont need more firemen, more policemen, more teachers.
"In the African-American community today, 68 percent of kids born are born out of wedlock."
says acentral bosses bused protesters to union florida education protest
says union bosses bused protesters to acentral florida educational activity protest
says union bosses bused protesters to acentral florida education protest 
says protester at a campaign rally president barack obama spent so a time screaming at a that and frankly it was much disgrace
says that at a safari rally president barack obama spent so much clip screaming at a protester and frankly it was a disgrace
says that at a campaign rally president barack obama spent so much time screaming at a protester and frankly it was a disgrace 
on transparency of dealing with the republican party in floridas financial issues
on transparency in dealing with the republican river party of floridas financial issues
on transparency in dealing with the republican party of floridas financial issues 
Says a drug test can be performed for just $4 or $5.
Oregon House Republicans jobs plan could generate more than 50,000 jobs over five years.
Says that before Rick Perry became governor, only 4 percent of our total labor force was a minimum wage job ... Today, that number has more than doubled (to) 9.5 percent.
when hillary clinton ran the how department billion was missing state do you know billion you ran the state department billion was either stolen they dont miss
when sir edmund percival hillary clinton ran the state section billion was missing how do you miss billion you ran the state section billion was either stolen they dont know
when hillary clinton ran the state department billion was missing how do you miss billion you ran the state department billion was either stolen they dont know 
prayer rugs have found been recently on the texas side of the border in the brush
prayer rugs have recently been found on the texas side of the surround in the brush
prayer rugs have recently been found on the texas side of the border in the brush 
More than 80 percent of Americans believe we need to have universal background checks.
The transportation tax is regressive, and Emory University is literally getting its own transit line at virtually no cost to itself.
We have cut our deficits by almost three-quarters.
Says that in 2009, Jon Huntsman said that the Recovery Act wasnt large enough and as governor he asked for $14.4 billion in federal stimulus funds. Now hes saying that he never supported it.
on changing the presidential for filibusters on rules nominees
on changing the rules for filibusters on presidential candidate
on changing the rules for filibusters on presidential nominees
More children die in agricultural jobs than in any other industry.
The United States isfighting with Iraqis to defeat ISIS along with Iran. But in Yemen were fighting Iran with Iraqis and Saudis.
Gov. Romney cut off kosher meals for Jewish senior citizens who were on Medicaid to save $5 a day.
Since February 2009, the private sector has lost millions of jobs while the federal government has grown by hundreds of thousands of workers.
Oregons per capita income is 9 percent below the national average and getting worse. This is a state thats actually getting poorer.
"Most of the people that work in finance make $70,000, $80,000 a year."
A grant for $5,000 [from the Governors Workforce Board] went to teach an employee at a company that makes ornamental business card holders how to use Facebook and Twitter.
says overzealous animals from other states carry different strains of rabies that florida vaccines and serums dont affect
says rabid animals from other states carry different strains of rabies that florida vaccines and dont serums affect
says rabid animals from other states carry different strains of rabies that florida vaccines and serums dont affect 
Assaults on Wisconsin law enforcement officers are up 224 percent statewide since 2005
Were already seeing bakers and florists and photographers forced to participate in same-sex marriages under the threat of law and in some cases even jail.
we spent jillion on a bridge in alaska to an island with people on it
we on million on a bridge in alaska to an island with people spent it
we spent million on a bridge in alaska to an island with people on it 
withheld fund dues union half of dem democratic campaigns in florida
withheld union dues fund half of dem democratic campaigns in everglade state
withheld union dues fund half of dem democratic campaigns in florida 
My wife is going to be the first Hispanic first lady in the history of Texas.
Eliminating earmarks does not reduce spending.
Half of all NC legislative candidates are unopposed because of gerrymandering.
the health care law is the largest tax increase in the chronicle of our country
the health care law is the largest tax increase in of history the our country
the health care law is the largest tax increase in the history of our country
a cogitation ranked florida no in government corruption under gov rick scott
a study ranked scott no in government corruption under gov rick florida
a study ranked florida no in government corruption under gov rick scott 
Rhode Island is the last state still using the Optech III P voting machines and they dont meet suggested federal standards.
Obamacare cuts $500 billion in future Medicare funding in order to fund the new constitutionally questionable government mandate, even going so far as to scuttle Medicares most popular (and successful) part, Medicare Advantage.
Broward County was one of three counties in the nation pivotal to an Obama victory in 2012.
Says an election clerk in Green Bay refused to allow early voting on the UW-Green Bay campus because she was afraid it would help Democrats, showing outrageous partisan bias.
The Baucus health care bill "would drastically restrict the use of flexible spending accounts (FSAs) in order to help pay for health care reform."
nevada will be energy independent within the future immediate
battle born state will be energy independent within the immediate future
nevada will be energy independent within the immediate future 
says there were only about eight or incitive sentences in his newsletters
in there were only about eight or inflammatory sentences says his newsletters
says there were only about eight or inflammatory sentences in his newsletters 
Raising the minimum wage to $10.10 an hour will destroy between half a million and one million jobs.
"Ten years ago, John McCain offered a bill that said he would ban a candidate from paying registered lobbyists."
Zero Planned Parenthood facilities are licensed to do mammograms. Planned Parenthood, women dont need you!
Under the Obama administrations bailout of General Motors, Ohio dealerships were forced to close.
Says if current trends continue, by 2040, one out of three Texas workers will not have a high school diploma.
Says tenure still exists but its been overhauled for teachers in New Jersey.
Says President Barack Obama has amended, delayed, or repealed 19 components of his very own (health care) law.
coal the on industry
on the coal manufacture
on the coal industry
If Congress does not pass the renewal of the payroll tax cut before the end of the year, nearly 160 million working families will see their taxes go up by roughly $1,000.
Secretly, unbeknownst to members of Congress, over $105 billion was hidden in the Obamacare legislation.
Says 77 percent of Portlands students finish elementary school without taking even one art class.
The governments twice the size it was 10 years ago. Its 30 percent bigger than it was when (Barack) Obama became president.
President Barack Obama put in place historic fuel efficiency standards for cars and trucks to lower costs at the pump and reduce dependence on foreign oil.
Florida ranks 45th in the nation for tuition.
Charlie Crist signed into law an automatic 15 percent annual tuition increase that put college further out of reach for many Floridians.
the debt comes up all the clock in town meetings but its never asked in the debates its really eldritch it hasnt been brought up
the debt comes up all the time in town meetings but its never in asked the up its really weird it hasnt been brought debates
the debt comes up all the time in town meetings but its never asked in the debates its really weird it hasnt been brought up 
an annual income of in manhattan believe it or not is centre class
an annual income of in it believe manhattan or not is middle class
an annual income of in manhattan believe it or not is middle class 
Says Romney and Ryan both backed proposals that would outlaw abortions even in cases of rape or incest.
Seventy-four percent of Rhode Islanders support [a] national popular vote [for president] because they, as I, believe in one person-one vote.
when i was speaker we had four consecutive balanced budget
when i balanced speaker we had four consecutive was budgets
when i was speaker we had four consecutive balanced budgets 
Then-Sen. Barack Obama refused to raise the debt ceiling because he said President Bush had failed in leadership.
the congressional bill office has found that the stimulus budget will lead to a real to percent reduction product gross domestic in by
the congressional budget authority has found that the stimulus bill will lead to a real to percent reduction in gross domestic merchandise by
the congressional budget office has found that the stimulus bill will lead to a real to percent reduction in gross domestic product by 
Says David Rivera allowed House Republican leaders to strip key provisions from the STOCK Act that would crack down on insider trading by members of Congress.
any floridian who has always requested an absentee ballot henceforth gets one automatically
any has who floridian ever requested an absentee ballot henceforth gets one automatically
any floridian who has ever requested an absentee ballot henceforth gets one automatically 
In Rhode Island, 28 percent of adults released from state prisons are re-incarcerated within a year.
When John Kasich became governor of Ohio, there was an $8 billion budget deficit and now theres a $2 billion surplus.
A request for "an increase in troops sat on desks in this White House (during the presidency of George W. Bush), including the vice president's, for more than eight months, a resource request filled by President Obama in March."
takeover u s house candidate julie lassa pushed for a canadian style government democratic of health care
democratic uranium s house candidate julie lassa pushed for a canadian style government takeover of health care
democratic u s house candidate julie lassa pushed for a canadian style government takeover of health care 
The medical marijuana ballot initiative doesnt require a physician writing a prescription and can be for conditions like having a back that needs to be scratched.
says milwaukee county executive chris proposed once abele a plan to end county funding to homeless shelters
says milwaukee county executive chris abele once proposed a plan to end county funding to homeless tax shelter
says milwaukee county executive chris abele once proposed a plan to end county funding to homeless shelters 
We have the highest per-pupil cost in the country.
In Texas, there are 668 Democratic Hispanic elected officials to the 60 in the Republican Party.
without the fiscal resources provided by hunters to protect home ground and stop poachers there would be no infrastructure for wildlife management
without the be resources provided by infrastructure to protect habitat and stop poachers there would financial no hunters for wildlife management
without the financial resources provided by hunters to protect habitat and stop poachers there would be no infrastructure for wildlife management 
Hitler didnt want unions. Stalin didnt want unions. Mubarak didnt want independent unions. These autocrats in history dont want independent unions.
health care reform establishes a new board of federal bureaucrats the health health advisory committee to dictate the plans benefits that all individuals must purchase
health care reclaim establishes a new board of federal bureaucrats the health benefits advisory citizens committee to dictate the health plans that all individuals must purchase
health care reform establishes a new board of federal bureaucrats the health benefits advisory committee to dictate the health plans that all individuals must purchase 
The United States still ranks 20th in the world in access to broadband -- over 50 percent below the best nations.
When union membership goes down, so do (middle class) wages.
"Obama did not open new lands to offshore drilling all of these areas were already open for drilling once Congress and President Bush lifted the moratorium in 2008. Instead, President Obama yesterday announced what areas he would CLOSE to offshore drilling."
"The Democratic Congress has already taken significant steps to create jobs and jump-start the economy, resulting in the lowest tax rates in over 50 years and the creation of over 500,000 new jobs so far this year."
Secretary of State A. Ralph Mollis wrongly takes credit for small-business program
"Our school test scores are right at the bottom."
"There was a report that came out from the FBI a warning, not a report ... saying that, in fact, al-Qaida was planning to attack malls during the Christmas holidays."
The problem with invasive species today in the Great Lakes isnt ballast water.
dan branch once lobbied the for afl cio
dan branch once lobbied for the afl congress of industrial organizations
dan branch once lobbied for the afl cio 
Our state has no major rivers to produce big hydropower.
SaysCongressman Jack Kingston voted to raise his pay seven times.
Kansas has not elected somebody other than a Republican (to the U.S. Senate) since before The Wizard of Oz hit the movie theaters.
Common Core means there are over 300 data elements the government is going to be collecting about your children and about you.
obamas justice designate sotomayor threw out the new haven firefighters suit in a sneaky unsigned belief the judicial equivalent of talk to the hand
obamas hand the sotomayor threw out the new haven firefighters lawsuit in a sneaky unsigned opinion designate judicial equivalent of talk to the justice
obamas justice designate sotomayor threw out the new haven firefighters lawsuit in a sneaky unsigned opinion the judicial equivalent of talk to the hand 
says of flood of non mexicans being apprehended at the border these are people that are come up from states like syria that have solid connections endorse to terrorist regimes and terrorist operations
says of are of non mexicans connections apprehended at the border these are people that flood coming from states like syria that have operations being back to terrorist regimes and terrorist substantial
says of flood of non mexicans being apprehended at the border these are people that are coming from states like syria that have substantial connections back to terrorist regimes and terrorist operations 
29 mass shootings have been committed by concealed carriers since 2007, while during this period only one (1) licensed civilian meaningfully intervened in a mass shooting.
For the first time in 35 years, we have more businesses dying than we do starting.
The UK has an unarmed police force and a firearm fatality rate that is 40 times lower per capita than in the U.S.
says health obama knew half of the population of the united states would lose their barack insurance
says barack obama knew half of the universe of the united states would lose their health insurance
says barack obama knew half of the population of the united states would lose their health insurance 
Say that under state law, systems development charges can only be spent on capital investment.
says mitt romney and death in are to blame capital a womans premature bain when they closed the plant where her husband worked
says manus romney and bain cap are to blame in a womans premature death when they closed the plant where her husband worked
says mitt romney and bain capital are to blame in a womans premature death when they closed the plant where her husband worked 
Public sentiment in favor of collective bargaining and in favor of the unions has actually gone up as these governors, I think, have overreached and gone too far and tried to destroy the labor movement.
Another great endorsement! Barrow Journal explains the difference between me and Jody Hice.
"Charlie Crist was the only prominent Republican in the country to campaign with Barack Obama before the stimulus passed, on behalf of the stimulus."
on resigning from the texas sandbag commission
on from resigning the texas railroad commission
on resigning from the texas railroad commission 
"If you like your health care plan, you can keep your health care plan."
Says The idea of one casino per tribe is a false one.
this immigration bill expanded president obamas ability to bring syrian refugees to the background without mandating any meaningful country checks
the immigration bill expanded president obamas power to bestow syrian refugees to this country without mandating any meaningful background checks
the immigration bill expanded president obamas ability to bring syrian refugees to this country without mandating any meaningful background checks 
Suzanne Bonamici was the only no vote on a 2009 bill cracking down on drunk drivers.
Regarding her State Department email practices, my predecessors did the same thing.
we were promised the stimulus would provide green jobs for americans but of the billion they spent on alternate energy went to purchase wind turbine built in china
would were promised the stimulus we provide green billion for americans but of the jobs they spent on alternative energy went to purchase wind turbines built in china
we were promised the stimulus would provide green jobs for americans but of the billion they spent on alternative energy went to purchase wind turbines built in china 
Says the reasoning behind Portlands high water and sewer rates is all kinds of pet projects unrelated to the core function of the water and sewer bureaus
Says Marco Rubio wanted to cut Social Security and Medicare because he said theyre bankrupting our country.
The FL Guard has defended our freedom in Afghanistan, Iraq, and put their lives at risk; now the fed govt is going to cut their pay 20%.
federal employees are making double as much as their private counterparts
federal counterparts are making twice as much as their private employees
federal employees are making twice as much as their private counterparts 
latinos now the up make majority population in texas
latinos now seduce up the majority population in texas
latinos now make up the majority population in texas 
Under a law proposed by Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker, businesses that move into Wisconsin dont have to pay any taxes on their income for two years.
we are only a away from ceasing to be inches free market economy
we are only inches outside from ceasing to be a free market economy
we are only inches away from ceasing to be a free market economy 
I went to the Olympics that was out of balance, and we got it on balance.
As Jim Doyles Commerce secretary, Mary Burke spent $12.5 million dollars to buy a vacant lot for a company that said it had no plans to create jobs in Wisconsin and had laid off 800 workers.
There is great disparity, tremendous disparity, in the (capital) funding on a per-student basis between our traditional public schools and our charter public schools.
(I) helped to invent a system that saved over a billion dollars on welfare.
"My opponent here has accepted money from Freddie Mac, Fannie Mae (and) hosted subprime mortgage seminars."
There are more words in the IRS code than there are in the Bible.
Says Mitt Romney raised business taxes 20 percent in Massachusetts.
Says with the ongoing economic downturn, child abuse is on the rise.
Most voters prefer zombies to the current U.S. Congress.
The labor market is weak because if you count the unemployed, underemployed, and those whove stopped looking for work, the unemployment rate actually went up last month to 13.5 percent.
Some 20,000 Delphi salaried retirees lost up to 70 percent of their pensions as a result of political favoritism and backroom deals.
Six of the nations 10 wealthiest counties, according to median income, are in and around the Washington, D.C. area.
If theres a government shutdown, people dont get their Social Security checks.
Just like the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, the AFL-CIO receives dues from foreign entities associated with it.
Says Obama opposes lower gas taxes, nuclear power, new offshore drilling and doesn't have "new solutions" to the energy crisis.
Obama promised to cut the deficit by half by the end of his first term but he hasnt even come close.
Says Bernie Sanders fundamentally changed the lives of Immokalee farm workers in Florida for the better.
says president points obama carried congressional district by points in and barack in
says chairperson barack obama carried congressional district by points in and points in
says president barack obama carried congressional district by points in and points in 
According to a federal report, Obamacare will increase the long-term federal deficit by $6.2 trillion.
In Florida, 300,000 people are going to lose their individual coverage because of Obamacare. Now those people next year, they dont have health insurance.
Says he never donates to Democrats while Paul Workman contributes to Democrat Kirk Watson and other Democrats running against Republicans.
Says House Republicans tried to change the definition of rape.
Republicans made it easier to buy a gun in states they won in 2010.
We have a goal of 10 percent of [City of Providence] contracts going to women and minority businesses. In reality, less than 1 percent of contracts go to women and minority businesses.
the billion in transportation bonding we dont have a quittance mechanism
the billion a transportation bonding we dont have in repayment mechanism
the billion in transportation bonding we dont have a repayment mechanism 
Hospitals have already begun layoffs, a direct result of Republican inaction on Medicaid expansion.
The Bush-era tax cuts failed to increase employment and work-force participation fell in 2001 and has never returned to the record level set in 2000.
On whether the Iraq War was a mistake.
we are not producing jobs we created jobs jobs month we about talk dont the jobs that we lost the net of it all is that we lost last
we are not bring on jobs we produce jobs last month we dont talk about the jobs that we lost the net of it all is that we lost jobs
we are not producing jobs we created jobs last month we dont talk about the jobs that we lost the net of it all is that we lost jobs 
Says he created more than 500 American jobs.
Were borrowing 40 cents of every dollar we spend.
Says Delta Air Lines has once again broken a promise they made to me and to the people of Memphis.
On hearings about automatic citizenship provision in U.S. Constitution.
Seven of Americas 10 wealthiest counties are in the Washington, D.C., area.
Voter identification laws make it complicated and expensive to get an ID, essentially instituting a modern-day poll tax.
sound out the tennessee wildlife resources agency brought coyotes into the state to try to keep the deer population down
says the tennessee wildlife resources agency brought coyotes into the state to population to keep the deer try down
says the tennessee wildlife resources agency brought coyotes into the state to try to keep the deer population down 
Says that even if you have no children, under Obamacare, you would still have to carry insurance that covers pediatric, maternity and newborn care even though you do not need it.
Refugees are subject to more rigorous screening than the average tourist in the U.S.
Water transportation is the most fuel efficient, least polluting, safest, and least expensive means of moving cargo.
Of all the people in federal prison for possession of illegal substances, 77 percent of them are not citizens of the United States.
in fact percent of oregonians vote in
percent fact in of oregonians voted in
in fact percent of oregonians voted in 
Says adding toll lanes on I-95 in Broward County improved rush-hour traffic for non-toll lanes from 25 mph to 45 mph.
Says potential GOP U.S. Senate candidate Tommy Thompson supported Obamacare
has sherrod brown sen chosen to side with washington bureaucrats and fringe extremists in the attacks our on natural resources
sen sherrod brown has chosen to english with washington bureaucrats and fringe extremist in the attacks on our natural resources
sen sherrod brown has chosen to side with washington bureaucrats and fringe extremists in the attacks on our natural resources 
Says Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius told insurance companies they couldnt inform their policyholders of what they thought the impact of Obamacare would be on them.
Says There are now Occupy Wall Street camps in hundreds of cities across the United States.
The CBO just said if we cut this (unemployment benefits) extension, we will kill jobs, because those people who are looking for work wont have any money to spend.
sarah the got more votes running for mayor of wasilla alaska than joe biden for running got president of palin united states
sarah palin got more votes running for city manager of wasilla alaska than joe biden got running for president of the united submit
sarah palin got more votes running for mayor of wasilla alaska than joe biden got running for president of the united states 
When total Sandy spending is added up, its more than the annual budget for the U.S. Department of Homeland Security. And its more than twice the annual budget of the U.S. Energy Department.
In 1968 the average corporate CEO made 20 times the average workers pay. Today that multiple is about 350.
Says About 7 in 10 of Oregons inmates are in prison for violent crimes and serious sex offenses.
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid "said, quote, 'I can't stand John McCain.' "
war civil the wasnt about slavery
the civil war wasnt about slaveholding
the civil war wasnt about slavery 
Hank Johnson voted against legislation to help first responders, teachers, vets and troops.
state he has exposed plans by wisconsin gov scott walker to push legislation that would allow the state to announce financial martial law and take over municipal governments
says he has exposed declare by wisconsin take scott walker to push legislation that would allow the state to plans financial martial law and gov over municipal governments
says he has exposed plans by wisconsin gov scott walker to push legislation that would allow the state to declare financial martial law and take over municipal governments 
"No, I did not (have illegal immigrants working at his mansion)."
In Texas, weve had three ISIS-related incidents already.
when the fair law becomes tax it will be like waving us magic wand releasing a from pain and unfairness
when the fair tax turn law it will be like waving a magic wand releasing us from pain in the ass and unfairness
when the fair tax becomes law it will be like waving a magic wand releasing us from pain and unfairness 
John McCain would "reduce oversight of health insurance."
Proposed fast-track legislation allows presidents to easily use a future trade deal to override our domestic financial rules.
Governor Carcieri has not been campaigning with me.
few u s rep steve daines r mont opposes a vote on his own proposed that he legislation just a says months ago
says u s rep steve daines r mont opposes a vote on his own statute law that he purport just a few months ago
says u s rep steve daines r mont opposes a vote on his own legislation that he proposed just a few months ago 
Our government has spent $2.6 million to teach Chinese prostitutes how to drink responsibly.
Crist sent his "top policy staffer to the House Committee to testify in support of the proposal," then vetoed the bill.
holocene census data shows that the average american family spends over a year for health care coverage
recent census that shows data the average american family spends over a year for health care coverage
recent census data shows that the average american family spends over a year for health care coverage 
i you the surge when supported didnt
i patronize the surge when you didnt
i supported the surge when you didnt 
i spend a raft of time in ia and believe it or not in ottumwa ia this is the heartland the newspaper the even newspaper for ottumwa ia is a bilingual newspaper
i spend iowa lot of time in a and believe it newspaper not newspaper ottumwa iowa this is the heartland the or the regular in for ottumwa iowa is a bilingual newspaper
i spend a lot of time in iowa and believe it or not in ottumwa iowa this is the heartland the newspaper the regular newspaper for ottumwa iowa is a bilingual newspaper 
Since Scott Walker took office as governor in January 2011, there has been an increase of 33,200 jobs in Wisconsin.
Forty-three million Americans are on food stamps.
Buono voted 154 times to raise our taxes -- like the sales tax, the income tax, health care taxes, even small business taxes.
We havent had any legislation which took away one gun in the past 20 years from anybody in this country--not one.
phoenix ariz is the no abduct capital of the world
phoenix ariz capital the no kidnapping is of the world
phoenix ariz is the no kidnapping capital of the world 
Says Donald Trump games the U.S. visa system so he can hire temporary foreign workers at low wages.
The Senate proposal to restore emergency unemployment benefits for five months was fully paid for.
From 1972 until 2011, the number of EPA employees increased by 107 percent while the number of total federal personnel decreased by 15 percent.
We got back every dime used to rescue the banks.
While Arkansas seniors depend on Social Security and Medicare, Sen. Mark Pryor supports an overhaul so they couldnt get Social Security until they turn 68 or 69.
A report by the health insurance industry "ignores some of the key policies that are part of the Senate Finance Committee bill."
Wayne Powell has a stated position of having no objection to taking `In God We Trust off of U.S. currency.
There are about 120,000 solar energy jobs in the United States, but only 1,700 of them are in Georgia.
hillary dont know anything about we in terms of religion now shes been in the public eye years for and years and yet theres no theres nothing out there
we dont know anything about hillary in damage of religion now shes been in the public eye for long time and long time and yet theres no theres nothing out there
we dont know anything about hillary in terms of religion now shes been in the public eye for years and years and yet theres no theres nothing out there 
Police officers in this state have that right, to check the immigration status of people they arrest.
Says only seven percent of 2009s stimulus bill went toward transportation projects, yet they created over one-third of the bills total jobs.
says russ feingold voted to give mixer security benefits to illegal immigrants
says russ feingold social to give voted security benefits to illegal immigrants
says russ feingold voted to give social security benefits to illegal immigrants
Twenty-five percent of our kids in foster care are there because their parents are involved in drugs.
over per centum of the babies that are born at lbj hospital right here in houston are born of cleaning lady who are not here legally
over percent of the babies that are not at lbj hospital of here in houston are born right women who are born here legally
over percent of the babies that are born at lbj hospital right here in houston are born of women who are not here legally 
under president obama tax on hike middle class families
under president obama tax hike on middle assort families
under president obama tax hike on middle class families 
Betty Sutton gutted Medicare by $500 billion with her vote for the presidents health care bill.
a trump ad television shows mexicans swarming over our southern border
a horn television ad shows mexicans swarming over our southern border
a trump television ad shows mexicans swarming over our southern border 
In Chicago, school is never canceled because of winter weather.
California cut about $1.3 billion in child care (during the recession). Weve only reinvested about $300 million.
Donna Shalala left me with 12 million doses of smallpox vaccine and I created enough to vaccinate every man, woman and child against smallpox in America.
president barack obama shut down nasa distance flights and turned the agency into a muslim outreach department
president barack obama into down nasa space flights and turned the agency shut a muslim outreach department
president barack obama shut down nasa space flights and turned the agency into a muslim outreach department 
This rule could prevent children under 18 from using such tools as a power screwdriver, a milking machine or something as simple as a wheelbarrow on the family farm . . .
Under the compromise tax agreement, 99.7% of American families will not pay 1 nickel in an estate tax.
Its commercial vehicles, 18 wheelers and above that cause 90 plus percent of the damages on our highways and bridges.
says he was exonerated in every single case in s ethics violations tutelage
says he was exonerated in every single charges in s ethics violations case
says he was exonerated in every single case in s ethics violations charges 
After every major conflict ... what happened was that we ultimately hollowed out the force, largely by doing deep, across-the-board cuts.
millennials are more pro life story than baby boomers and older americans
millennials are more pro life baby than boomers and older americans
millennials are more pro life than baby boomers and older americans 
Republicans extended unemployment insurance under President Bush when he asked to extend unemployment insurance.
The amount of the revenue required by the state (for the construction of high-speed rail) is around 10 percent.
Ultimately, after an exhaustive investigation, the National Transportation Safety Board concluded that a Minneapolis bridge collapsed in 2007 because of an original design flaw dating back to the 1960s.
The truth is David Cicilline voted for tougher laws against child abusers, domestic abusers and abusers of the elderly.
i had prostate cancer five six spot years ago my chance of surviving prostate cancer and give thanks idol i was cured of it in the united states my chances of surviving prostate cancer in england only under socialized medicine
i ago chance cancer five six years had my prostate of surviving prostate cancer and thank god i surviving cured of it in the united states my chances of was prostate cancer in england only under socialized medicine
i had prostate cancer five six years ago my chance of surviving prostate cancer and thank god i was cured of it in the united states my chances of surviving prostate cancer in england only under socialized medicine 
Your Congressman, Charlie Bass, took over $166,000 from Big Oil.
Weve been able to create about 60,000 net new jobs in Virginia since February.
if you have an investment for your childs plan or your a mutual fund or a stock in a retirement education obama is going to raise own taxes
if you have an investment for your childs education department or own a mutual fund or a stock in a retirement plan obama is going to raise your taxation
if you have an investment for your childs education or own a mutual fund or a stock in a retirement plan obama is going to raise your taxes 
"Corporate profits are up, CEO pay is up, but average wages of Americans are flat."
"I have 35 years' experience making change."
personal income is growing faster in tennessee on average than any other department of state in the country
personal income is growing faster in tennessee on in than any other state average the country
personal income is growing faster in tennessee on average than any other state in the country 
Says Barack Obama has played nearly 100 rounds of golf as president.
obama wants to percent the size of government by increase
obama wants to increase the size of governing by percent
obama wants to increase the size of government by percent 
bill white supports medicine as socialized the plan as well obamacare cap and trade legislation that would kill thousands of texas jobs
bill white supports the obamacare socialized medicine plan as well as cap and trade legislation that would wipe out thousands of texas occupation
bill white supports the obamacare socialized medicine plan as well as cap and trade legislation that would kill thousands of texas jobs 
Says the Army is spending $7 million to sponsor a NASCAR team.
"Obama voted to support President Bush between 40 and 50 percent of the time over the past two years."
F: The grade given to Florida for college affordability under Jeb Bushs leadership.
the democrats propose a government controlled health care plan that will deprive approximately million americans of their stream health care coverage
the democrats propose a care controlled health americans plan that will deprive roughly million care of their current health government coverage
the democrats propose a government controlled health care plan that will deprive roughly million americans of their current health care coverage 
says milwaukee mayor tom barrett per responsible for the roughly i pay in property taxes is year
says milwaukee mayor tom barrett is responsible for the roughly i pay in property taxes per twelvemonth
says milwaukee mayor tom barrett is responsible for the roughly i pay in property taxes per year 
as houstons mayor i area our helped lead the nation in job growth
as houstons mayor i helped our expanse lead the nation in job growth
as houstons mayor i helped our area lead the nation in job growth 
Americans will spend more on taxes in 2014 than they will on food, clothing and housing combined.
president obama was raised moslem
was obama president raised muslim
president obama was raised muslim 
Says Gov. Scott Walker made more than $70 million in cuts to job training programs through (Wisconsins) technical colleges.
neighbors of about san bernardino shooters knew that the were talking they trying to take our country and attack it
neighbour of the san bernardino shooters knew that they were babble out about trying to take our country and attack it
neighbors of the san bernardino shooters knew that they were talking about trying to take our country and attack it 
Ron Johnson is willing to hand over the Great Lakes to the oil companies.
There really isnt any kind of foreign policy network that is supporting and advising Sen. Sanders.
Says Ovide Lamontagne wants to eliminate kindergarten.
heroin and prescription opioids are the add up one cause of accidental or preventable death in wisconsin
heroin and prescription opioids are the or one cause of accidental number preventable death in wisconsin
heroin and prescription opioids are the number one cause of accidental or preventable death in wisconsin 
"You know, we spent $3-million to study the DNA of bears in Montana."
texas you look at the nearly men and women who on served us have the when supreme court more than half of them had zero prior judicial experience
when you look at the nearly men and women who have served atomic number on the tx supreme court more than half of them had zero prior judicial experience
when you look at the nearly men and women who have served us on the texas supreme court more than half of them had zero prior judicial experience 
Over the last 15 months, weve added more than 2 million jobs in the private sector. Thats far in excess of what it was in the comparable period after the last recession.
the incidents of threats against greater barack obama are president than for any other president in modern times
the incidents of threats against president barack obama are expectant than for any other president in modern times
the incidents of threats against president barack obama are greater than for any other president in modern times 
John Faso took money from fossil fuel companies as they tried to take your land by eminent domain for a fracked gas pipeline.
It took Obama six months to pick out a family dog, but he's cramming health care reform down the country's throat in a fraction of that time.
"Mayor Giuliani's lawsuit killed the line-item veto."
While (Barack) Obama preaches we are our brothers keeper, his brother and aunt live in real poverty in Kenya.
1 in 4 Rhode Islanders under the age of 65 does not have health insurance.
During my administration, for example, we boosted U.S. exports to Canada and Mexico by about 50 percent. That supports about 2.8 million American jobs.
Says Mitt Romneys comments indicated he would not have pursued Osama bin Laden.
If you shut down Amtraks Northeast Corridor, its estimated youd have to add seven new lanes to I-95 to accommodate the increased traffic.
"President Obama's proposed 'spending freeze' will only reduce the $42 trillion in government spending proposed between 2011 and 2020 by little more than one-half of 1 percent."
As governor, Maggie Hassan first proposed a $1 billion spending increase.
just on jan of this year there were new laws put on the christian bible in one day
just on jan of this year there one new laws put on the books in were day
just on jan of this year there were new laws put on the books in one day 
One of three patients hospitalized (is) harmed by the care they receive.
There are 500 failing schools in North Carolina
At the beginning of World War II, we had a relatively small army, smaller than Portugals.
Says Hillary Clinton wantsillegal immigrants collectingSocial Security benefits.
says joanne kloppenburgs side had a to money advantage in the wi supreme court campaign
says supreme kloppenburgs side had a to money advantage in the wisconsin joanne court campaign
says joanne kloppenburgs side had a to money advantage in the wisconsin supreme court campaign 
Bernie Sanders voted with Republicans to protect the Minutemen, a hate group that used military tactics against our community.
Since the governor took office, Oregons unemployment rate has dropped to its lowest point in three years.
Rep. Carol Shea-Porter votes with Nancy Pelosis Democrats 95 percent of the time, but Frank Guinta will take on both parties and has independent New Hampshire values.
Were within 600 miles of 60 percent of America. Were in a perfect location.
Says Debbie Wasserman Schultz has voted for huge subsidies for the sugar industry ... as well as for delays in cleanups.
state budget cuts for local schools resulted in well nigh educator layoffs
state budget cuts for local schools resulted nearly in educator layoffs
state budget cuts for local schools resulted in nearly educator layoffs
says a gun bill before the the is proposing senate universal registration of all firearms and their owners
says a shooter bill before the senate is proposing the universal registration of all firearms and their owners
says a gun bill before the senate is proposing the universal registration of all firearms and their owners 
Says Charlie Crist was pro-life, pro-gun and vehemently anti-tax.
We were the No. 1 job creator in America in February and we are now the No. 4 job creator in the last year.
Up to half of all Americans have a pre-existing condition.
A Republican budget proposal would have Wisconsin have the weakest standards for who can be a teacher in the classroom in the country.
Defensive medicine costs Georgia up to $14 billion a year.
You are prohibited from walking into the Capitol with a gun, but you can go after the County Commission or the School Board.
Of all the illegals in America, more than half come through Arizona.
Georgia has recovered more than $60 million that was lost to Medicaid fraud
this is a test of the fact match widget
this is a the of test fact checking widget
this is a test of the fact checking widget 
Says unsuccessful Texas abortion legislation was supported by a majority of Texans.
Says Did you know that the #KeystoneXL project is expected to create 20,000 American jobs, including more than 800 in Oregon?
in the s the biden crime bill added cops to americas streets as a result off and crimson crime rates went down eight years in a row
in the s the biden crime bill added in to result streets as a americas murder and violent crime rates went down eight years cops a row
in the s the biden crime bill added cops to americas streets as a result murder and violent crime rates went down eight years in a row 
Says that 93 percent of the time John Boccieri voted with Nancy Pelosi.
Rhode Island will become just the second state to mandate the vaccine and the only state to do so by regulatory fiat, without public debate, and without consideration from the elected representatives of the people.
Says Paul Ryan shut off the C-SPAN cameras when the Democrats started their sit-in.
The right to vote in this country has never been intrinsically tied to citizenship.
only one medicare has ever cut president for seniors in this country barack obama
only one president has always cut medicare for seniors in this country barack obama
only one president has ever cut medicare for seniors in this country barack obama 
In Georgia, hard-earned lottery dollars are doled out to the scion[s] of wealthy families.
having a baby is aleading of cause poverty spells in the united states
having a baby is aleading cause of poorness spells in the united states
having a baby is aleading cause of poverty spells in the united states 
David Jolly has used money and power to try to drill off our beaches.
You have to get a license to fish on our beaches.
Says Gov. Doug Ducey wants to use taxpayer dollars to increase the salaries of private prison guards.
The president won the youth vote 3 to1, but his numbers have dropped 20, 30 percent among the youth.
minnesota advantage in economic growth has been having republicans in bill of at least one part of government for all but two year while wisconsin democrats for many year before controlled both legislative chambers and the governorship
minnesotas advantage in governorship growth has been having republicans in charge of at least economic part of government for chambers but two years while wisconsin democrats for many years before controlled both legislative all and the one
minnesotas advantage in economic growth has been having republicans in charge of at least one part of government for all but two years while wisconsin democrats for many years before controlled both legislative chambers and the governorship 
says tom barrett government a supports takeover of our health care
says gobbler barrett supports a government takeover of our health care
says tom barrett supports a government takeover of our health care
rhode island voters are moving away from the democratic party to non tie up
rhode party voters are moving away from the democratic island to non affiliation
rhode island voters are moving away from the democratic party to non affiliation
Gov. Lincoln Chafee has imposed a mandatory abortion fee on all Rhode Islanders who buy health insurance through the states Obamacare exchange.
In the last 6 years, there have been 420 elections for State Senator and State Representative. Only three incumbents have been defeated!
Says Mitt Romney said we are going to have to live with high gas prices, its a good thing because it will reduce consumption, we dont want to produce any more gasoline.
Were seeing now 30 straight months of private-sector job growth, 4.6 million jobs created.
read president obama has doubled the deficit
says deficit obama has doubled the president
says president obama has doubled the deficit 
McCain has switched to Obama's position on more troops to Afghanistan.
the federal government has not engaged in borderline security at all
the federal government has not engaged all border security at in
the federal government has not engaged in border security at all 
most of your serial killers most of your people who commit domestic violence they take off off by abusing animals
most of your who killers most of your people serial commit domestic violence they start off by abusing animals
most of your serial killers most of your people who commit domestic violence they start off by abusing animals 
One of the reasons I believe were in trouble in Yemen is we lost the population on drone strikes issues. Thats what stirred up the population. Thats what is happening in Yemen.
barack obama begin his presidency with an apology tour
obama barack began his presidency with an apology tour
barack obama began his presidency with an apology tour 
says president barack obama is dead a muslim
says president barack obama muslim absolutely a is
says president barack obama is absolutely a muslim 
says ted strickland supported giving iranian to billion regime that persecutes women christians and gays
says ted strickland supported giving billion to irani regime that persecutes women christians and gays
says ted strickland supported giving billion to iranian regime that persecutes women christians and gays 
question the on on the dream act no no to granting lower tuition to illegals
on the head on the dream act no no to granting lower tuition to illegals
on the question on the dream act no no to granting lower tuition to illegals 
Says David Jollys former firm lobbied for hundreds of millions (of dollars) for a dictator in Pakistan.
says getting ex cons to successfully coming back to society is important so we are not incessantly faced constantly with recidivism which is a big job in the penitentiary today in the to percent range
says getting ex cons to successfully return to society penitentiary important so we are not always a constantly with recidivism which is range big problem in the is today in the to percent faced
says getting ex cons to successfully return to society is important so we are not always faced constantly with recidivism which is a big problem in the penitentiary today in the to percent range 
on possibly raising the mixer security retirement age
on possibly raising security social the retirement age
on possibly raising the social security retirement age 
the republican authored state budget includes a provision forcing people earning as trivial as to buy private health policy that could cost them as much as per year
the includes authored that budget republican a provision forcing people earning as little as to buy private health insurance state could cost them as much as per year
the republican authored state budget includes a provision forcing people earning as little as to buy private health insurance that could cost them as much as per year 
As Bernie Sanders said, Hillary Clinton voted for virtually every trade agreement that has cost the workers of this country millions, millions of jobs.
Most AGs dont go to court..
Says State Comptroller Matthew Boxer pointed out that many towns are artificially lowering the real estate values that they report to Trenton in order to get hundreds of millions of dollars of additional school aid. This is the kind of fraud that needs to be addressed immediately.
Milwaukee incarcerates 1.2% of white men and has incarcerated over 50% of black men in their 30s.
We have $60 billion in 2010 in Medicare fraud.
on a bipartisan job force on ways to improve fiscal policy
force a bipartisan task on on ways to improve fiscal policy
on a bipartisan task force on ways to improve fiscal policy 
In the past three years, weve added enough new oil and gas pipeline to circle the Earth and then some.
Obama is the Senate's "most liberal."
"Three out of the 18 benchmarks of the (GAO) have been fulfilled. Even among Republican math, that is a failing grade."
The fiscal cliff deal ultimately raised taxes.
When President Barack Obama said ISIS, or ISIL, was contained, he was responding very specifically to the geographic expansion of ISIL in Iraq and Syria.
U.S. Olympic medal winners will owe up to $9,000 to the IRS.
Eleven years ago, the city of Detroit lifted the residency requirement for police officers and today, 53 percent of officers live outside of the city. If we want the tax base of Milwaukee to resemble the tax base of Detroit, this is the way to go.
Texas is the fastest growing state with the most Fortune 500 companies.
there was a percent decrease in fireworks related injuries in after connecticut legalized sparklers liken to the years prior
there was a percent decrease in fireworks related injuries in to connecticut legalized sparklers compared after the years prior
there was a percent decrease in fireworks related injuries in after connecticut legalized sparklers compared to the years prior 
look the earmarks down come have significantly percent
look the stylemark have come down significantly percent
look the earmarks have come down significantly percent 
Dave Aronberg was the first to demand that BP create a billion-dollar fund to pay for the devastation.
says was the worst year ever for americas doctor up reimbursed by medicare
doctors was the worst year ever for americas says reimbursed by medicare
says was the worst year ever for americas doctors reimbursed by medicare 
Says Carlos Beruff supported (Charlie) Crist even after he switched parties.
We have more women living in poverty in this state than almost anywhere else.
I have not insulted Donald personally.
regulations have rate the quadrupled of regulations quadrupled under this president
regulations have quadrupled the rate of regulations quadrupled under this chairperson
regulations have quadrupled the rate of regulations quadrupled under this president 
Under his tax plan, the greatest gains, percentage-wise, will be at the lower end of our plan.
Mitt Romney is worth at least a quarter billion dollars and the bulk of his wealth remains in blind trusts and overseas bank accounts.
U.S. Senate candidate Michelle Nunn earned as much as $300,000 running a nonprofit that had laid off 90 workers.
Barbara Buono by the numbers: As a Trenton politician, she voted to raise taxes 154 times. Under her, property taxes up 70 percent. Backed a 16 percent sales tax increase. Utilities, nursing homes, cell phones, parking lots, lottery wins, gyms She taxed them all. Architect of Corzines budget, she drove New Jersey $2 billion into debt. Barbara Buono by the numbers: taking New Jersey backwards.
In recent years, menhaden numbers along our coast have plummeted by 90 percent.
you dont even have to go outside obamas political campaign to find advisers who are anti israel
you dont even have anti go outside obamas campaign to find advisers who are to israel
you dont even have to go outside obamas campaign to find advisers who are anti israel 
Two years after the worst recession most of us have ever known ... corporate profits are up.
Tim Kaine made Virginia the best state for business four years in a row.
During his 18-year Senate career, (Russ Feingold) supported judges who voted to deny your individual Second Amendment right. (He) promises to protect those rights, but thats not what his record shows.
Says Gov. Rick Perrys administration has proposed ending immunizations for 113,000 kids.
"Walking in the door (Sonia Sotomayor) would bring more experience on the bench, and more varied experience on the bench, than anyone currently serving on the United States Supreme Court had when they were appointed."
r emember the president proposed eliminating charitable deductions for higher income taxpayer
r emember the president income eliminating charitable deductions for higher proposed taxpayers
r emember the president proposed eliminating charitable deductions for higher income taxpayers 
Granite State shipbuilders . . . built the first ship that sailed into battle under a new American flag.
Says Goldman Sachs CEO said Congress would have to cut Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid and give huge tax breaks to the wealthy and the large corporations.
Days after the (Osama bin Laden) raid, Hollywood was invited into the White House so that they could receive a briefing that revealed intelligence sources and methods.
Says Mitt Romney had millions in the Cayman Islands, a tax haven.
A large number of the uninsured earn $75,000 or more a year.
There is already a mosque four blocks away.
If you are black or brown, you are nine times more likely to be stopped and frisked in New York City.
Says Rick Scott presided over cuts to the Bright Futures college scholarship program.
Today the top 1 percent earn a higher share of our national income than any year since 1928.
he reformed welfare before tried others
he reform welfare before others tried
he reformed welfare before others tried 
million people in america make their ebay off living
million multitude in america make their living off ebay
million people in america make their living off ebay 
Under Mary Burkes leadership, Commerce Department business-incentive programs had major shortcomings and 40 percent of jobs...didnt materialize.
Northern Virginia is the most heavily trafficked place in the country.
under a marriage offer by rep paul ryan people on medicare will only have from the federal government to spend on their wellness care
under a proposal by rep paul ryan medicare on people will only have from the federal government their spend on to health care
under a proposal by rep paul ryan people on medicare will only have from the federal government to spend on their health care 
A fairly limited number of people, 25 million to 30 million, will be allowed to access a national health insurance exchange.
Its been 17 years that weve had unemployment higher than the national average in Oregon.
Says Scott Walkers defunding of Planned Parenthood left women across the state stranded with nowhere else to turn for cancer screenings, breast exams and birth control.
the people that work to school with barack obama they never saw him they dont know who he is
the people that went to school with barack dont they never saw him they obama know who he is
the people that went to school with barack obama they never saw him they dont know who he is 
john mccain will go along the estate tax at percent the same as it is now
john mccain will keep the estate tax at percent the same now it is as
john mccain will keep the estate tax at percent the same as it is now 
In 2010, Mr. [Anthony] Gemma described himself as a pro-life candidate. Now, he claims to be pro-choice.
In barely four years in office, five jihadists have reached their targets in the United States under Barack Obama, compared to zero in over seven years after 9/11 under George W. Bush.
Wisconsins monthly job reports have a margin of error of 75 percent and were way off in eight of first 10 months of 2011.
Says he has nearly 200 delegates bound to support his candidacy at the Republican National Convention.
says rick scott has teamed up with a outlaw convicted of running a ponzi scheme to smear charlie crist
up rick scott has teamed says with a felon convicted of running a ponzi scheme to smear charlie crist
says rick scott has teamed up with a felon convicted of running a ponzi scheme to smear charlie crist 
The Castro regime violated international norms by secretly shipping weapons to North Korea in violation of a U.N. embargo.
Theres not one Democrat who endorses the Romney-Ryan Medicare plan.
The United States death rate is two-and-a-half times higher for those who do not have a high school education.
aver that volunteer state gov bill haslam has made it clear by his repeated actions that he will pursue a policy that promotes the interest of islamist set and their radical ideology as long as he is governor
says that ideology will bill haslam has made it clear by his repeated actions that he gov pursue a promotes that policy the interest of islamist sic and their radical tennessee as long as he is governor
says that tennessee gov bill haslam has made it clear by his repeated actions that he will pursue a policy that promotes the interest of islamist sic and their radical ideology as long as he is governor 
Donald Trump says hed deport 16 million people.
"The Republicans have repeatedly said that they agree with 80 percent of what's in our bill."
A part-time Congress with half the pay would still make $38,000 a year more than the average American family.
Nearly 40 percent of his McAllen-area constituents suffer from obesity.
Minnesota, Michigan, Iowa already have 70 mph speed limits on rural interstates, and we see that theyve been able to do it safely.
says barack obama was happily photographed holding a t shirt with revolutionary on che guevaras face ernesto it
says barack obama was happily photographed holding a t shirt with revolutionary ernesto che ernesto guevara face on it
says barack obama was happily photographed holding a t shirt with revolutionary ernesto che guevaras face on it 
Switzerland and the Netherlands . . . cover all their citizens using private insurers, and they do so for much less cost.
Says Donald Trump himself contributed $100,000 to the Clinton Foundation.
our african american communities are before in the worst shape theyve ever been in absolutely ever ever ever
our african american residential district are absolutely in the worst shape theyve ever been in before ever ever ever
our african american communities are absolutely in the worst shape theyve ever been in before ever ever ever 
Global warming leads to much quicker spread of the Zika virus because the increased temperature, makes mosquitoes mature faster, . . . bite more due to having a higher metabolism, and makes the Zika virus inside of them incubate faster.
last year exxonmobil made billion in profit guess what they paid nada in taxes they got a meg refund from the irs
last million exxonmobil made billion in what guess profit they paid zero in taxes they got a year refund from the irs
last year exxonmobil made billion in profit guess what they paid zero in taxes they got a million refund from the irs 
signs letter saying consumer stop safety commission is acting from consultation or input without the company to product the sale of buckyballs
signs letter saying consumer product safety commission is acting without consultation or input from the company to catch the sale of buckminsterfullerene
signs letter saying consumer product safety commission is acting without consultation or input from the company to stop the sale of buckyballs 
We arent the only state cutting back on public television.
During the Bush administration, liberal groups were targeted by the IRS, similar to recent targeting.
There are countries in Africa where they have higher vaccination rates than here in the United States.
Says Donald Trump says climate change is a hoax invented by the Chinese.
Democratic Party candidates for the state Assembly actually received 200,000 more votes statewide than their Republican counterparts in the 2012 election
on brook for the bridge to nowhere
on bridge for the support to nowhere
on support for the bridge to nowhere 
Amendment 2 will bring kid-friendly pot candy to Florida.
For decades, the states gas tax has been among the highest in the nation.
More than 90 percent of the guns recovered in Mexico come from the United States.
Colorado raked in $60 million in marijuana taxes and licensing fees in the past year.
small businesses are business out of going in record numbers
small concern are going out of business in record numbers
small businesses are going out of business in record numbers 
"We're also cutting a Forest Service economic development program that strayed so far from any mission that it funded a music festival."
Some of these members of the House of Representatives get hundreds of thousands of dollars in farm subsidies but want to cut food stamps.
Says Massachusetts has three state-mandated student tests and Finland just one.
Says Donald Trump wants to keep big government in charge of federally-owned land.
u s rep john barrow and sanford bishop and their fellow democrats sound on a spending spree and now their credit card is maxed out
u s reps john barrow and sanford a and their spending democrats went on bishop fellow spree and now their credit card is maxed out
u s reps john barrow and sanford bishop and their fellow democrats went on a spending spree and now their credit card is maxed out 
"Congress only funded half the wall" between Mexico and the United States.
"Gasoline would rise in price by approximately 50 cents a gallon" if the McCain-Lieberman bill became law.
Turkeys today weigh 29.8 pounds. In the 30s, they weighed 13.2 pounds.
the health care all includes a sales tax on law real estate transactions
the wellness care law includes a sales tax on all real estate transactions
the health care law includes a sales tax on all real estate transactions 
America has lost over 50,000 manufacturing factories on other trade deals.
"The board of a nonprofit organization on which Obama served as a paid director ... granted funding to a controversial Arab group."
We lose an average of 90 Americans every day because of guns.
McCain "voted against a bill to ban waterboarding, and then applauded President Bush for vetoing that ban."
Says 282 Texas school districts have requested emergency waivers to increase elementary school class sizes because of unprecedented fiscal challenges.
We bailed out Johnson Controls when we saved the auto industry and now they want to avoid paying taxes.
india hillary clinton supported and voted for in she no longer supported in showing she changed positions on amendments an nuclear deal
amendments hillary clinton supported and vote for in she no longer supported in showing she changed positions on an india nuclear mountain
amendments hillary clinton supported and voted for in she no longer supported in showing she changed positions on an india nuclear deal 
The so-called doc fix in the fiscal cliff deal will cut payments for treating illnesses disproportionately impacting minorities, including end stage renal disease and diabetes.
bulbs democrats have already voted to ban our conventional light bulbs in favor of dangerous fluorescent light the
the democrats have already voted to ban our conventional perch bulbs in favor of dangerous fluorescent perch bulbs
the democrats have already voted to ban our conventional light bulbs in favor of dangerous fluorescent light bulbs 
coming barack obama radar hes says for our guns telling sarah brady we are working on gun control but under the admits
says barack obama admits hes coming for our guns telling sarah brady we are working on hired gun assure but under the radar
says barack obama admits hes coming for our guns telling sarah brady we are working on gun control but under the radar 
of billion congress approved in response to hurricane sandy only percent was for disaster sculptural relief
of billion congress approved in response relief hurricane sandy only percent was for disaster to
of billion congress approved in response to hurricane sandy only percent was for disaster relief 
The President has decided to move forward with executive actions on immigration that he has said on numerous occasions that he didnt have the constitutional power to take.
Says Abraham Lincoln supported an agreement that allowed slavery in New Mexico and a law to return runaway slaves to their owners.
on public financing of his hunting expedition
on of financing public his campaign
on public financing of his campaign 
The mega-rich pay about 15 percent in taxes, while the middle class fall into the 15 percent and 25 percent income tax brackets, and then are hit with heavy payroll taxes to boot.
wisconsin gov scott walkers and of a billion state budget deficit is manufactured estimate a bogus figure
wisconsin gov scott footer estimate of a billion state budget deficit is manufactured and a bogus figure
wisconsin gov scott walkers estimate of a billion state budget deficit is manufactured and a bogus figure 
"Rob Teilhet, Just another career politician."
Children born today will carry a $30,000 share of the national debt.
"A ham and cheese sandwich on one slice of bread is the responsibility of the USDA ... But a ham and cheese sandwich on two slices of bread is the responsibility of the Food and Drug Administration."
Tapping the Strategic Petroleum Reserve would immediately lower gasoline prices
among syrian refugees that arent there many women there arent that many children
among syrian refugees there arent that many women there arent that many tyke
among syrian refugees there arent that many women there arent that many children 
The Buffett Rule will bring in less than $5 billion per year. ... Enough to pay one weeks interest on the national debt.
We have had over 40 days this summer where it was unsafe to breathe the air.
says will kund johan victor rasmussen supported a sales tax as recently as last spring
says will rasmussen supported a tax sales as recently as last spring
says will rasmussen supported a sales tax as recently as last spring 
On instances when abortions should be allowed.
matchless third of the health care dollar goes to no such thing as health care it goes to the policy companies
one third the of health care dollar goes to no such thing as health care it companies to the insurance goes
one third of the health care dollar goes to no such thing as health care it goes to the insurance companies 
the texas capitol faces south toward goliad in of of the most horrific battle memory the texas revolution
the texas capitol side south toward goliad in memory of the most horrific battle of the texas revolution
the texas capitol faces south toward goliad in memory of the most horrific battle of the texas revolution 
Says Mike Coffman said two different things: stop the deportationsin a Spanish-language debate and youre going to be deportedin an English-language TV interview.
Both the state and federal governments make more per gallon in gas taxes than the oil companies make themselves for doing all the work.
Says Austin trains are full at rush hour and packed for special events.
of and the disabled will have to stand in front of obamas death panel so his bureaucrats can decide based on a subjective judgment of their level seniors productivity are society whether they in worthy of health care
seniors and the disabled will have to stand in front of obamas dying panel so his administrative official can decide based on a subjective judgment of their level of productivity in society whether they are worthy of wellness care
seniors and the disabled will have to stand in front of obamas death panel so his bureaucrats can decide based on a subjective judgment of their level of productivity in society whether they are worthy of health care 
Governor Scott Cut Taxes 40 Times For Florida Families
Every day, oil continues to pour into the Gulf of Mexico. ... Even with disaster on our coast..., Richard Burr voted to let big oil off the hook.
"Today, Florida is in 50th place in spending on education."
Since Sept. 11, 2001, 270,000 Americans were killed by gunfire at home.
on returning republican movement contributions
republican returning on campaign contributions
on returning republican campaign contributions 
Montana Democratic Sen. Jon Tester is the largest recipient of lobbyist money.
A regulatory thing means you cant show someone drinking beer on camera.
Says Mitt Romney has refused to say whether he would have vetoed or signed the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act.
says wisconsin river state budget contains no fee increases
says wisconsins state budget contains fee no increases
says wisconsins state budget contains no fee increases
existing law right now want miles of double layered border fencing on the mexico border
existing law right now requires miles of double layered border on fencing the mexico border
existing law right now requires miles of double layered border fencing on the mexico border 
Among Milwaukee Public Schools students, 86 percent are behind in reading and 80 percent are behind in math.
Online voter registration is a more secure way of doing voter registration.
Says Alex Sink even supported a tax on homeowners insurance policies.
Whats clear is (Romney) likes firing people.
Today, it is more difficult to enlist in the U.S. military than it is to enroll in college.
Democrat Stephen Webber voted to allow sex offenders to be within 500 feet of childcare centers and playgrounds, and even voted to allow sex offenders to be coaches.
According to the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office, the IRS would need to hire over 16,000 people ... to audit the American people and impose the new taxes and mandates of the health care bill.
Tim Kaine reduced higher education funding by 25 percent when he was governor, driving up tuition...
Today, you have six financial institutions, the largest six, that have assets that are the equivalent of 60 percent of the GDP of the United States of America.
mitt romney rick perry and newt gingrich all say they would cut foreign to zero israel and every other country to aid
mitt romney rick perry and newt gingrich all say they would cut strange assist to israel and every other country to zero
mitt romney rick perry and newt gingrich all say they would cut foreign aid to israel and every other country to zero 
says bus riders subsidize the expensive romanticized leander to austin discipline
says bus riders subsidize the to romanticized leander expensive austin train
says bus riders subsidize the expensive romanticized leander to austin train 
Having an active father makes children 98 percent more likely to graduate from college.
Dallas African-American and Hispanic students pass AP exams at a higher rate than any other place in America.
We ... sold the state airplanes as I had promised.
In Wisconsin, a second arrest for carrying pot is a felony, but a second or subsequent arrest for carrying a gun illegally is a misdemeanor.
Keystone XL allows Canada to pump their oil, send it through our land, down to the Gulf, where it will be sold everywhere else.
drilling for crude on the outer continental shelf and in parts of alaska will immediately reduce our dangerous addiction on foreign crude
drilling oil for on the outer immediately shelf and in parts of alaska will continental reduce our dangerous dependence on foreign oil
drilling for oil on the outer continental shelf and in parts of alaska will immediately reduce our dangerous dependence on foreign oil 
A lawyer demanded several Houston pastors hand over to the city government many of their private papers, including their sermons.
More than half of the people on food stamps today are children.
Says our deficits are falling at the fastest rate in 60 years.
Just days ago, Irans Supreme Leader (Ali) Khamenei, who will oversee implementation of this agreement, was calling Israel a rabid dog and accusing the United States of war crimes.
We know this now. The banks no longer loan (Donald Trump) money because hes a terrible risk. So he goes to these (Russian) oligarchs and borrows money.
let me say that i dont think bernie negative has had a single sanders ad ever run against him
let me say that i dont think bernie sanders has had a negative ad ever run against him
let me say that i dont think bernie sanders has had a single negative ad ever run against him 
fbi confirms evidence of huge tube clinton sex network
fbi of evidence confirms huge underground clinton sex network
fbi confirms evidence of huge underground clinton sex network 
Attorney General McCollum, Speaker-Designate Cannon, Senate President-Designate Haridopolos and I stood up to Governor Crist and worked to remove Jim Greer as Chairman because of his mismanagement of the party.
on definition his of takers and makers
on his definition of takers and maker
on his definition of takers and makers
Thirty percent of [Sheldon Whitehouse campaign] money is coming from special interests.
Lizbeth Benacquistos supporters would make (abortion) illegal in all cases, including rape, incest, even to save a womans life.
We are about halfway to the presidents goal to cut greenhouse gas emissions and about half of that is because of the substitution of natural gas for coal in the power sector.
The primary election results show Democrats are strong in Kentucky because the Democratic candidates "both got more votes than Rand Paul did."
Says 11 percent of the nations fatal car crashes in 2009 were attributed to distracted driving.
Most folks wages havent gone up in over a decade.
Says a photo ID voting law in Georgia didnt dissuade black voters from participating in voting. It hasnt, it doesnt, and apparently, if you do cause and effect in that state, its been helpful.
The ratio of people working for the government and working in manufacturing today is an almost exact reversal of the situation in 1960.
says terry mcauliffe opposes virginias work to right law
says terry mcauliffe opposes virginia right to work law
says terry mcauliffe opposes virginias right to work law 
Says since 2000, Austins tax burden rose more than 40 percent while family income rose more than 20 percent.
The Republican Party has not won a presidential election without either a Bush or a Nixon on the ticket since 1928.
says his barehanded real posted on youtube is catch
says his barehanded trip up posted on youtube is real
says his barehanded catch posted on youtube is real 
phoenix is already one of the kidnapping upper case letter of the world
phoenix is one already of the kidnapping capitals of the world
phoenix is already one of the kidnapping capitals of the world 
The Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act is the largest-ever investment in higher education.
Seventy-two percent of Georgians did not have a chance to finish college.
the majority last quarter of of browns campaign contributions came from outside of the state sherrod ohio
the majority last quarter of sherrod browns campaign contributions came from outside of the state of buckeye state
the majority last quarter of sherrod browns campaign contributions came from outside of the state of ohio 
Says Mitch McConnell credits Republicans for recent economic improvements even though they took control of the Senate only days ago.
A Penn State University study found that electronic cigarettes . . . are far less addictive than cigarettes.
on the fed minimum wage of you cant even make half the poverty level
half the federal minimum wage of you cant even make on the poverty level
on the federal minimum wage of you cant even make half the poverty level 
Jasper County in Texas raised property taxes by 7 percent in order to pay for one death penalty case.
the was camp clinton to first to get it out there and try the say there was something untoward about the speech that melania trump gave
the clinton camp out was the for the first time to get it out there and try to say there was something untoward about the speech that melania trump gave
the clinton camp was the first to get it out there and try to say there was something untoward about the speech that melania trump gave 
Says that voter identification laws keep poor people from voting, minorities from voting, the elderly from voting, students from voting.
Nearly 65 percent -- almost two-thirds -- of all new permanent residents obtained that status by virtue of their family status.
Says that politicians who approved collective bargaining restrictions for public employees exploited a loophole exempting themselves from Senate Bill 5.
Its a good sign for Obamacare that in California, the proportion of kids who are signing up is the proportion of kids in the population.
to is restaurants only state that allows parents or guardians wisconsin and alcohol for their children regardless of whether that child is seven or years old at bars purchase the
wisconsin is the only state that provide parents or guardians to purchase alcohol for their children regardless of whether that child is seven or old age old at bars and restaurant
wisconsin is the only state that allows parents or guardians to purchase alcohol for their children regardless of whether that child is seven or years old at bars and restaurants 
Company may close, all because government essentially says if they dont hire a lifeguard to watch their workers, they cant stay open.
more than homicides were committed by illegal aliens over the past sestet years
more than homicides were committed by illegal years over the past six aliens
more than homicides were committed by illegal aliens over the past six years 
Explosive growth in Medicare is the reason federal deficit spending is predicted to top $1 trillion again after falling to $600 billion annually.
Two weeks after signing a taxpayer protection pledge, (Charlie Crist) breaks it.
As Massachusetts governor, Mitt Romney used a line-item veto to cut millions of dollars for firefighting equipment, including firefighters coats, pants, helmets and boots.
on how he measures jobs promise to create private sector his in seven years
on how he measures his promise to create private sector job in seven years
on how he measures his promise to create private sector jobs in seven years 
Says Rick Scott pled the Fifth 75 times to avoid jail for Medicare fraud.
Over the time that President Obama has been in office, we have lost 2.5 million free enterprise system jobs, and, yet, 500,000 federal government jobs have been added.
Brock Turners early release will be a regular occurrence if Prop. 57 passes.
Taxes are lower on families than theyve been probably in the last 50 years.
As a state representative, David Cicilline argued against Megans Law and voted against mandatory registration of sex offenders.
"This guy didn't even support Ronald Reagan."
Says Rick Scott is letting Duke (Energy) keep collecting billions despite troubled power plants.
Says Mitt Romney paid only 14 percent in taxes probably less than you.
As executive director of the Democratic Party of Virginia there were 300 people on my payroll in 2008.
The New START treaty was passed despite significant concerns among some people in the State and Defense Departments.
u s department of native land security has told savings bank in writing it may inspect safe deposit boxes without warrant and seize any gold facile guns or other valuables it finds inside those boxes
u s department of homeland security has told banks gold writing it may inspect deposit safe boxes boxes warrant and seize any in silver guns or other valuables it finds inside those without
u s department of homeland security has told banks in writing it may inspect safe deposit boxes without warrant and seize any gold silver guns or other valuables it finds inside those boxes 
Do you know what the second sport with the most concussions is? Womens soccer And the third most dangerous sport? Cheerleading.
austin mayoral candidate steve adler has never hall active in anything that has to do with city been
austin mayoral candidate steve adler has never been active in anything that has to do with city g stanley hall
austin mayoral candidate steve adler has never been active in anything that has to do with city hall 
We waterboard, incidentally, hundreds of our own military personnel. They waterboard themselves in training to toughen themselves up.
Graduation rates of players at major football colleges are still twenty points below their male campus peers and worsened in the past three years.
the wife of the ferguson mo police chief said african american language in ferguson are feral and violent
the wife of the ferguson african police chief said mo americans in ferguson are feral and violent
the wife of the ferguson mo police chief said african americans in ferguson are feral and violent 
In Milwaukee County, juveniles arrested for car theft get sent immediately home, because under the point system in juvenile court on holding suspects, a stolen car gets zero points.
obama was enrolled in a wahabi school in jakarta wahhabism is the root word teaching that is followed by the muslim terrorists who are now wag jihad against the western world
obama was enrolled in a jihad school the jakarta wahabism is in radical the that is followed by the muslim terrorists who are now waging wahabi against teaching western world
obama was enrolled in a wahabi school in jakarta wahabism is the radical teaching that is followed by the muslim terrorists who are now waging jihad against the western world 
To get out of the (teachers) union, you pay 85 percent of $731. Then youre out of the union, but youve got to pay it every year, also required by statute. Thats called a representation fee.
were the system only of federalism in the world
were the only system of federalism in the earth
were the only system of federalism in the world 
The top one-tenth of 1 percent of Americans own almost as much wealth as the bottom 90 percent.
hillarys main a activity in law school federal helping the black panthers on trial in connecticut for torturing and killing extracurricular was agent
edmund hillary main extracurricular natural process in law school was helping the black panthers on trial in connecticut for torturing and killing a federal agent
hillarys main extracurricular activity in law school was helping the black panthers on trial in connecticut for torturing and killing a federal agent 
Texans pay the sixth-highest property tax in the nation.
Figures cited by Gov. Scott Walker are not commonly used to measure job creation.
over the past few months weve learned that we just cant consider on the media to debunk lie down about health insurance reform
over the past few months media learned that on just cant count we the weve to debunk lies about health insurance reform
over the past few months weve learned that we just cant count on the media to debunk lies about health insurance reform 
The day President Obama took office, gasoline was $1.79 a gallon.
who students who receive free or reduced lunch are performing just as well as students says do not
says students who receive free or reduced luncheon are performing just as well as students who do not
says students who receive free or reduced lunch are performing just as well as students who do not 
i never removed asked that megyn kelly be once as a debate moderator
i neer once asked that megyn kelly be removed as a debate moderator
i never once asked that megyn kelly be removed as a debate moderator 
The stimulus "has delivered $43 billion in tax relief to American working families and businesses"
in wisconsin more as people have some kind of addictive gambling problem whether its pathological or what wed categorize a than problem gambler
in wisconsin more than the great unwashed have some kind of addictive gambling problem whether its pathological or what wed categorise as a problem gambler
in wisconsin more than people have some kind of addictive gambling problem whether its pathological or what wed categorize as a problem gambler 
Says Mitt Romneys top five donors are Wall Street firms, while Barack Obamas top five are technology companies and universities.
You dont have to be as smart as a fifth-grader to know what causes the climate is the sun. The sun. I have people tell me, Carbon dioxide warms the Earth. No, it doesnt. The sun warms the Earth.
Every general City of Milwaukee employee pays toward his or her pension, but approximately 88 percent of our police officers and firefighters do not.
we actually take a shit history in we came the closest in years to defeating frank pallone
we actually made history in we came the closest years in to defeating frank pallone
we actually made history in we came the closest in years to defeating frank pallone 
Says a new report shows the devastating tax hikes (in the health care law) will have on middle-class Kentuckians.
While Hillary Clinton plans a massive, and I mean massive, tax increase, I have proposed the largest tax reduction of any candidate who has run for president this year, Democrat or Republican.
The Republican-controlled Wisconsin Assembly approved only one out of 376 amendments offered by Assembly Democrats in 2011.
Despite the rhetoric from Democrat politicians, more people are employed this year than at any point in the history of Wisconsin.
There was even a time when (Donald Trump) didnt get an Emmy for his TV program three years in a row and he started tweeting that the Emmys were rigged.
The top25 hedge fund managers (are) making more than all of Americas kindergarten teachers combined.
Under Barack Obama, the average cost of family health care premiums has increased by $4,154.
We sell 40 percent of our guns without a background check.
On ending the war in Iraq, Gov. Romney said that was a tragic mistake, we should have left 30,000 troops there.
Weve got 7.2 percent unemployment (in Ohio), but when you include the folks who have stopped looking for work, its actually over 10 percent.
Says Dontre Hamilton, who was killed during a confrontation with a Milwaukee police officer, was unarmed.
all non us citizens provided or not will be illegal with free health care services
all non us citizens illegal or not will be provided with free wellness care services
all non us citizens illegal or not will be provided with free health care services 
Requiring photo ID would keep about 200,000 Missourians from voting.
Kids coming from an affluent background are taking advantage of all these student loan programs and grants while many middle-class families with no connection to college are picking up the tab.
"I believe in tax cuts. I believe in being a supply-sider. I cut the income tax I think it was 24 percent. We got 42 percent more revenues."
At this particular point in time, looking at the field, theres only one individual thats ever had the uniform of his country onand thats me.
Nearly 180,000 illegal immigrants with criminal records, ordered deported from our country, are tonight roaming free to threaten peaceful citizens.
John McCain worries about nuclear waste in Arizona, but not in Nevada.
rather than prioritize and pass ethics reform bill to restore trust in state government democrats sat on their men and did nothing when they were the majority
rather than prioritize and pass ethics reform measures to restore the in state government democrats sat on their when and did nothing hands they were trust majority
rather than prioritize and pass ethics reform measures to restore trust in state government democrats sat on their hands and did nothing when they were the majority 
vice president joe bidens meeting with the to and accountability board was closed transparency the public
vice president joe bidens meeting with the transparency and accountability control panel was closed to the public
vice president joe bidens meeting with the transparency and accountability board was closed to the public 
says she wiped out the state agriculture departments inspections of eggs at retail baby sit like grocery stores
says she wiped out the state agriculture departments inspections of at eggs retail sites like grocery stores
says she wiped out the state agriculture departments inspections of eggs at retail sites like grocery stores 
says just cruz ted flip flopped about the president needing to be u s born
says ted cruz just flip flopped about the chairwoman needing to be u s born
says ted cruz just flip flopped about the president needing to be u s born 
Texas spends more per day to house an inmate than we do on a student.
If you go back to 1999, Wayne LaPierre testified on behalf of the NRA that background checks were appropriate and should be done.
The Wisconsin school voucher program has no research that shows that its going to improve student learning.
With Obamacare, were fixing to get hit with the biggest entitlement program the American taxpayers have ever seen.
says his gop challenger doug macginnitie hadnt vote in a republican primary for almost years until
says his gop challenger doug for hadnt voted in a republican primary macginnitie almost years until
says his gop challenger doug macginnitie hadnt voted in a republican primary for almost years until 
"I don't think that Rudy or Fred or John McCain support the marriage amendment."
john mccain bipartisan to support a new from energy bill because it would take away tax breaks refuses oil companies like exxon mobil
john mccain refuses to support a new two way department of energy bill because it would take away tax breaks from oil companies like exxon mobil
john mccain refuses to support a new bipartisan energy bill because it would take away tax breaks from oil companies like exxon mobil 
Says Gov. John Kasich can remove the president of the State Board of Education.
Wisconsins dead last in Midwest job growth.
The law has not established whether Rhode Island public employees have property rights to their pensions.
Rail doesnt do a great job in lessening traffic.
A judge took the Star Scientific tax case away from Ken Cuccinelli
wi sold fresh water to california helping that states dairy manufacture and lost a bunch of jobs and a bunch of farmland
wisconsin sold fresh water to california helping that of dairy industry and lost a bunch states bunch and a jobs of farmland
wisconsin sold fresh water to california helping that states dairy industry and lost a bunch of jobs and a bunch of farmland 
Every day, a black name resume is 50 percent less likely to get responded to than a white nameresume.
During the Bush administration, you actually had a prominent liberal write a book about how Bush was preparing for a fascist takeover of this country.
Over the past two years, Florida has cut more than $1 billion in taxes.
says faced he a record budget deficit in virginia in
say he faced a record budget deficit in virginia in
says he faced a record budget deficit in virginia in 
says sanders bernie wins california landslide but of his votes arent counted
says bernie sanders wins california landslide but of his votes arent bet
says bernie sanders wins california landslide but of his votes arent counted 
Says Texas leads the nation in fatal industrial accidents.
Nearly half of Hispanic voters in Arizona's last election supported four measures that were "very tough on illegal immigration."
gov scott goal is more than halfway to his jobs walker
gov george c scott walker is more than halfway to his jobs goal
gov scott walker is more than halfway to his jobs goal 
obamacare means that for up to million americans insurance will lose the they they currently have the and that they like insurance they want to keep
obamacare think that for up to million americans they will lose the insurance they currently have the insurance that they like and they want to go on
obamacare means that for up to million americans they will lose the insurance they currently have the insurance that they like and they want to keep 
Mike Dovillas big ideas like expanding the Ohio Motion Picture Tax Credit, which helped bring films like The Avengers to Cleveland, have helped make our state No. 1 in the Midwest for job creation.
U.S. Rep. Bill Young "has accepted $737,000 from lobbyists and recipients of his earmarks."
Since the Affordable Care Act passed, 90 percent of job growth has been in full-time positions.
Debt has almost doubled in Austin under Gov. Perry.
Lets say (Republicans) take away half of our delegates. Theyre worth more than Iowas, New Hampshires and almost South Carolinas combined.
Theres a tremendous other number of public officials who have done the same thing as Hillary Clinton with a private email server.
under last years health care reform a bunch of bureaucrats decide whether you get care such as chronic on dialysis or crab chemotherapy
continuing get years health care reform a bunch of bureaucrats decide whether you last care such as under on dialysis or cancer chemotherapy
under last years health care reform a bunch of bureaucrats decide whether you get care such as continuing on dialysis or cancer chemotherapy 
The Obama administration spent $205,075 in stimulus funds to relocate a shrub that sells for $16.
there has been no net global decade for over a warming now
there has been no net globose warming for over a decade now
there has been no net global warming for over a decade now 
Thanks to the Obama administrations negotiations, Irans nuclear program will be under lock, key and camera 24 hours a day, 365 days a year.
this race will be the democrats top target this nov
this race will be the democrats this target top november
this race will be the democrats top target this november 
Georgia Public Service Commission member Stan Wise has received about 95 percent of his campaign money from the utilities he is supposed to be regulating.
Says he and Mitt Romney agreed on tying minimum wage increases to inflation.
as a result of obamacare calif seniors face benefit cuts of over
as a seniors of obamacare california result face benefit cuts of over
as a result of obamacare california seniors face benefit cuts of over 
For the first time since the Korean War, total federal spending has gone down for two years in a row.
Says Rick Perry turned down our invitation to meet President Barack Obama in El Paso.
In 2012, the state put together a list of over 100,000 people that they thought were ineligible to vote. Came out there were less than 10.
The Republican Party lost 1.1 million registered voters since 2008. The Democratic Party lost 1.2 million registered voters (while) voter registration in the Libertarian Party rose 8 percent.
The proudest accomplishment (of my tenure) was leaving the state with a $1.2 billion surplus, which was the largest wed ever had, and getting spending under control and a balanced budget.
recently though the media has report on thousands of illegal voters here in the commonwealth
recently though the media has reported on thousands of here voters illegal in the commonwealth
recently though the media has reported on thousands of illegal voters here in the commonwealth 
Stopped by Smiley Cookie to pick up some great cookies for the family, along with Rudy.
Mike Trainor...still owes $250,000 to the state.
The Supreme Courts views are radically out of step with public opinion regarding its decision to legalize same-sex marriage nationwide.
When it comes to the state deficit, Wisconsin is proportionally in as much trouble as the State of California.
Eighty percent of the net new jobs created in the state of Texas since 2009 went to the foreign-born.
mayor fung require to punish our childrens didactics by removing million dollars from current funding to bear for his private charter school your taxes would increase by between and percent per year
mayor current million to punish our childrens education by removing wants dollars between fung funding to pay for his private charter school your taxes would increase by from and percent per year
mayor fung wants to punish our childrens education by removing million dollars from current funding to pay for his private charter school your taxes would increase by between and percent per year 
"Under the ruling of the Supreme Court, any lobbyist could go into any legislator and say, if you don't vote our way on this bill, we're going to run a million-dollar campaign against you in your district."
There are a larger number of shark attacks in Florida than there are cases of voter fraud.
Democrats have now become the party of the [Atlanta] metro area and of blacks.
Says an alternative to Social Security that operates in Galveston County, Texas, has meant that participants will retire with a whole lot more money than under Social Security.
on lifting the u s cuban travel and allowing embargo to cuba
on lifting the u s cuban embargo and earmark travel to cuba
on lifting the u s cuban embargo and allowing travel to cuba 
the department of veterans affairs has a manual out there know our veterans stuff like are you encouraging of really to your community you telling value them to commit suicide
the department of old stager affairs has a manual out there telling our old stager stuff alike are you really of value to your biotic community you know encouraging them to commit suicide
the department of veterans affairs has a manual out there telling our veterans stuff like are you really of value to your community you know encouraging them to commit suicide 
We have less Americans working now than in the 70s.
when bible was sworn into office he did not very the holy bible but instead the kuran their equivalency to our obama but use different beliefs
when obama was sworn into office he did not utilisation the holy bible but instead the kuran their equivalency to our bible but very dissimilar beliefs
when obama was sworn into office he did not use the holy bible but instead the kuran their equivalency to our bible but very different beliefs 
says having organizations parading as being social welfare organizations and then being involved in that political combat they back to why the prohibited a hundred years ago said the harkens were statute
say having organizations parade as being social welfare organizations and then being necessitate in the political combat harkens back to why the statute a hundred years ago said that they were prohibited
says having organizations parading as being social welfare organizations and then being involved in the political combat harkens back to why the statute a hundred years ago said that they were prohibited 
Says nearly half of Oregons children are poor.
On attacks by Republicans that various programs in the economic stimulus plan are not stimulative, "If you add all that stuff up, it accounts for less than 1 percent of the overall package."
armed when says civilians stop mass shootings with guns an average of people die average an otherwise of people die
says when fortify civilians stop mass shootings with guns an mean of people die otherwise an mean of people die
says when armed civilians stop mass shootings with guns an average of people die otherwise an average of people die 
Says Tennessee is providing millions of dollars to virtual school company for results at the bottom of the bottom.
the health care reform plan would set limits similar to the socialized system in britain allowed people are where to die if more treatment would cost their than
the health care reform plan would put limits similar to the socialized system in britain where people are allowed to die if their discussion would cost more than
the health care reform plan would set limits similar to the socialized system in britain where people are allowed to die if their treatment would cost more than 
Says Donald Trump started his career back in 1973 being sued by the Justice Department for racial discrimination because he would not rent apartments in one of his developments to African-Americans.
Bill White has a long history of trying to limit or even disenfranchise military voters.
John McCains chief economic adviser during the 08 race estimated that Trumps promises would cause America to lose 3.5 million jobs.
got wisconsin residents says jobs in but of them were in other states
says wisconsin residents buzz off jobs in but of them were in other states
says wisconsin residents got jobs in but of them were in other states 
State revenue projections have missed the mark month after month.
The median income of a middle class family went down $2,100 from 2001 to 2007.
"Every citizen is entitled to the freedom of speech, but no one should have the right to use government funds or institutions to portray acts that are morally reprehensible to the vast majority of Americans."
Rick Perry has advocated abandoning Social Security, scuttling Medicaid and ending the federal income tax.
Two thirds to three quarters of people without [health] insurance in Rhode Island work.
Congress has spent 66 of the first 100 days of this term in recess.
Mark Sharpe has lowered property taxes by 17 percent.
says iowa gov young branstad chartered a plane to remove immigrants illegal terry from his state and take them back to honduras
says iowa gov terry branstad chartered a plane to get rid of young illegal immigrants from his state and take them back to republic of honduras
says iowa gov terry branstad chartered a plane to remove young illegal immigrants from his state and take them back to honduras 
If you dont buy cigarettes at your local supermarket, your grocery bill wont go up a dime. The same is true of the sugary drink tax. If passed, you can avoid paying the tax by not buying sugary drinks.
says president barack the has said that everybody should hate obama police
aver president barack obama has said that everybody should hate the police
says president barack obama has said that everybody should hate the police 
Georgia has had more bank failures than any other state.
bank of america could create jobs with benefits if they spent their bonuses on job instauration
bank of america could create jobs their benefits if they spent with bonuses on job creation
bank of america could create jobs with benefits if they spent their bonuses on job creation 
Thom Tillis cut almost $500 million from education.
If people work and make more money, they lose more in benefits than they would earn in salary.
We are poised to get rid of over 1,000 more regulations in 2012.
a flight due atlanta to houston was canceled from to a terrorist dry run
a flight from battle of atlanta to houston was canceled due to a terrorist dry run
a flight from atlanta to houston was canceled due to a terrorist dry run 
Administrative employees at colleges and universitieshave more than doubled over the last 25 years, outpacing the growth of students by more than 2 to 1.
private prison systems are calculating how many new beds they will need based the on number of third graders
private prison systems are calculating how many new beds they will take based on the number of third graders
private prison systems are calculating how many new beds they will need based on the number of third graders 
amendment protects florida seniors from scams and crosscurrent offs
amendment protects florida seniors from offs and rip scams
amendment protects florida seniors from scams and rip offs 
obama barack for would apply if a job with the fbi or with the secret service he would be disqualified because of his past associations with william ayers
if barack obama would implement for a job with the federal bureau of investigation or with the secret service he would be disqualified because of his past associations with william ayers
if barack obama would apply for a job with the fbi or with the secret service he would be disqualified because of his past associations with william ayers 
We have more kids take the SAT than any other state in the nation. I mean a high percentage of our kids take the SAT.
Walker says hes for lower taxes. But Milwaukee County spending has gone up by $349 million.
says he did not say republicans would filibuster immigration regenerate
says did he not say republicans would filibuster immigration reform
says he did not say republicans would filibuster immigration reform 
Worldwide credit card transactions, the credit card fraud rate is 0.04 percent, compared to almost 8 percent, 9 percent, 10 percent of Medicare fraud.
In the month of January, Canada created more new jobs than we did.
Under his leadership, more people in Wisconsin have access to health care.
Charlie Crist attacks me for positions he held, like, six months ago, (when) he was running in the Republican primary.
Says Donald Trumps only economic agenda is imposing massive taxes on the American people with a 40 percent tax hike of a giant tariff.
The loan guarantee program that helped Solyndra was a program that was supported by President Bush.
says president obama just granted all exception congress an of to obamacare
says president obama just yield all of congress an exception to obamacare
says president obama just granted all of congress an exception to obamacare 
Bill McCollumhas "recovered $200 million in Medicaid fraud."
Despite the U.S. spending $10 billion on Iraqs electrical system, Baghdad still only gets five hours of electricity a day.
tim kaine press billion in medicare cuts
tim kaine urged billion medicare in cuts
tim kaine urged billion in medicare cuts 
Over 3 million Americans are employed in the growing green-collar workforce, which is more than the number of people working in the fossil fuel industry.
"Because of the steps we took, there are about 2 million Americans working right now who would otherwise be unemployed."
Says that In 2009, I saved ratepayers around $500 million by persuading the Council to pursue a less expensive compliance mechanism if the City is required to treat Bull Run drinking water.
The military has spent $500 million enforcing the Dont Ask, Dont Tell policy regarding gays and lesbians in the military.
Were. . . keeping and creating jobs in our state. From American Greetings, to Wendys, to Diebold, weve gone to their doorsteps to keep jobs right here in Ohio.
obama for president and baldwin for campaign have up their senate kept offices and running in fox valley eau claire and la crosse with their staffs preparing for the next battle
obama for president of the united states and baldwin for senate have kept their take the field offices up and running in play tricks valley eau claire and la crosse with their staffs preparing for the next battle
obama for president and baldwin for senate have kept their campaign offices up and running in fox valley eau claire and la crosse with their staffs preparing for the next battle 
From 2003 to 2006, Sesame Street made more than $211 million from toy and consumer product sales.
(John) Kasich was the architect who balanced the budget, cut spending, created a surplus, igniting record job creation.
the federal government is going after schooling districts trying to force them to let boys shower with little girls
the federal government is with after school districts trying to force them to let boys shower going little girls
the federal government is going after school districts trying to force them to let boys shower with little girls 
Says that President Obama said in 2008 that his proposed greenhouse gas regulations will bankrupt anyone who wants to build a new coal-fired power plant.
There has been $5 trillion in debt added over the last four years.
Says that under Gov. Rick Perry, Texas Department of Public Safety troopers have had standing orders not to inquire into the immigration status of people unless theyre under arrest.
dennis richardson wants to attain drastic cuts to services we depend on schools home caution for seniors even public safety all so richardson can hold open more than million in unspent funds for his political priorities
dennis richardson wants to for drastic cuts to services we depend on schools home care for seniors even unspent safety all so public can keep more than million in richardson funds make his political priorities
dennis richardson wants to make drastic cuts to services we depend on schools home care for seniors even public safety all so richardson can keep more than million in unspent funds for his political priorities 
nobody covered the remarks of patricia smith the engender of a benghazi dupe live but almost everybody covered khizrkhans mr khans remarks live
nobody a the remarks of patricia smith the mother of covered benghazi khans live but almost everybody covered khizrkhans mr victim remarks live
nobody covered the remarks of patricia smith the mother of a benghazi victim live but almost everybody covered khizrkhans mr khans remarks live 
The cost of the food stamp program is at an all-time high.
Says opponent Mary Burke says she supports Obamacare unequivocally and wants to expand it.
Says Essex County residents suffer the second highest property taxes in the nation.
Ken Lanci is a lifelong Clevelander
Originally, Democrats promised that if you liked your health care plan, you could keep it. One year later we know that you need a waiver to keep your plan.
Says Carlos Lopez-Cantera even voiced enthusiastic support for bringing an Arizona-style immigration law to Florida, calling the measure common sense.
Says that when Democrats controlled Congress and the White House, federal spending as a share of the Gross Domestic Product leapt from 18.2 percent in 2001 to 25.2 percent in 2009 -- the largest such increase in any eight-year period since World War II.
The CBOs latest report confirms what Republicans have been saying for years now. Under Obamacare, millions of hardworking Americans will lose their jobs.
the u s supreme court is five guys who start determining what contraceptive method are legal
the contraceptions s supreme court is five guys who start determining what u are legal
the u s supreme court is five guys who start determining what contraceptions are legal 
Says Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker slashed pensions and benefits for public employees.
Adding ethanol to gas raises food costs.
Says Mitt Romney once supported President Obamas health care plan but now opposes it.
the usafreedom act undersell privacy becausethe phone records will be in the hands of the phone companies with hundreds of citizenry uncommitted to look at the records versus or citizenry in the government
the usafreedom act government versus becausethe phone to will be in the hands of the phone companies with hundreds of people available records look at the records privacy or people in the undercuts
the usafreedom act undercuts privacy becausethe phone records will be in the hands of the phone companies with hundreds of people available to look at the records versus or people in the government 
The people who were running the budget, in the Corzine years, decided to steal from the unemployment trust fund. As did other Governors before. We simply dont do that, havent done it, and wont permit it.
You can import as many hemp products into this country as you want...but we cant grow it.
Says Gina Raimondos venture capital firm secured a secret no-bid contract funded by taxpayers.
we expend more money on antacids than we do on politics
we on more money on antacids than we do spend politics
we spend more money on antacids than we do on politics 
Mitt Romney has proposed cutting his own taxes while raising them on 18 million working families.
social security is a ponzi schema
social security is ponzi a scheme
social security is a ponzi scheme 
Says Pennsylvania charges a top income tax rate of 3 percent and Delaware has no state income tax at all.
Jeff Greene can buy anything ... he owns two mansions.
Says Elizabeth Warren lied when she says I want to abolish the Federal Minimum Wage.
Obama says his health care plan is "universal."
Brendan Doherty wants to repeal Obamacare, increasing drug prices for seniors.
Abortion coverage is a standard insurance benefit in nearly 90 percent of private plans sold in the U.S.
Since we last debated in Las Vegas, nearly 3,000 people have been killed by guns.
Toledo is fourth in the nation behind much bigger cities Miami, Las Vegas, Portland in number of human trafficking arrests and rescues.
94 percent of winning candidates in 2010 had more money than their opponents.
"Barack Obama and Joe Biden oppose new drilling at home and oppose nuclear power."
president obama went around the america and apologized for world
chair obama went around the world and apologized for america
president obama went around the world and apologized for america 
Says the federal agency in charge of Medicare and Medicaid will disburse $803 billion in benefits this year, making it larger than all but 15 of the worlds economies.
Marco Rubio "supported $800,000 for AstroTurf for a field where he played flag football."
the republican leadership in the house has refused to deal the issues that matter the most to rhode island such as passing a jobs beak
the republican leadership in the house has refused to address the issues that matter such jobs to rhode island the as passing a most bill
the republican leadership in the house has refused to address the issues that matter the most to rhode island such as passing a jobs bill 
The dollar has fallen over 44% since Bernanke began pumping money into the system beginning back in 2002.
Congress will begin its recess without having allocated one penny to fight Zika.
i am the only candidate on either side who has laid out a particular architectural plan about what i would do to defeat isis
i am the only has on either side who candidate laid out a specific about plan what i would do to defeat isis
i am the only candidate on either side who has laid out a specific plan about what i would do to defeat isis 
The new health care law will cut $500 billion from Medicare. That will hurt the quality of our care.
president obama once order he wants everybody in america to go to college
said obama once president he wants everybody in america to go to college
president obama once said he wants everybody in america to go to college 
Before this law, any group could go out anywhere, register voters, sit on the voter registration forms for unlimited amount of time.
the results of atlanta tests schools and crct public have not been questioned
the results of atlanta world schools and crct tests have not been questioned
the results of atlanta public schools and crct tests have not been questioned 
mention gillespie would not ed donald trumps name unless he was condemning him
ed gillespie would not mention donald trumps name unless he was condemn him
ed gillespie would not mention donald trumps name unless he was condemning him 
The delay inschool testingwas not that of a vendor, the problem was not that of the test materials itself,it was the product of a cyber attack.
Democrats already agreed to a deal that Republicans wanted, that Eric Cantor said would be a win.
one of the main functions of the department of native land securitys save database is checking voter registration citizenship status
one of the main functions of the department of homeland securitys save database is checking voter registration citizenship status
one of the main functions of the department of homeland securitys save database is checking voter registration citizenship status 
Eight of the nine justices in the Supreme Court decision (on campaign finance) said that not only is it constitutional for Congress to require disclosure of the special interest money, but they recommend we do it.
The reality is, we are holding some of the most dangerous terrorists in the world right now in our federal prisons, including the mastermind of the 1993 World Trade Center bombing, the 'shoe bomber,' the 'Unabomber,' and many others.
barack obama is the first president americas terminate to ability to put a man in space
barack obama is the first president to terminate americas ability to order a man in space
barack obama is the first president to terminate americas ability to put a man in space 
says george washington guard a free people should be armed to said against government tyranny
says george washington said a disembarrass people should be armed to guard against government tyranny
says george washington said a free people should be armed to guard against government tyranny 
"Under the new and little known 'global justice' initiative," the Obama administration has ordered FBI agents to "read Miranda Rights to high-value terrorist detainees captured on the battlefield."
Wholly domestic communication between you and your wife can go to New York to London and back and get caught up in the (NSA) database.
Says for every dollar the state spent on audits last year, it delivered $64 in cost savings.
When I was governor, not only did test scores improve we also narrowed the achievement gap.
Georgia is nearly 50 percent Democratic and (the Republican majority) diminished our voting strength to 32 percent through gerrymandered maps.
Says a Republican hasnt won [an election] for a presidency in New Jersey since 1988.
40 percent of illegal immigrants had a visa and then became illegal, mostly because they changed jobs.
Says Ted Cruz slurred Republican senators including John Cornyn as graybeards and spineless jellyfish.
says mary landrieu voted to fund benefits for illegal immigrant ahead of veterans
landrieu mary says voted to fund benefits for illegal immigrants ahead of veterans
says mary landrieu voted to fund benefits for illegal immigrants ahead of veterans 
Despite having their budget increased by over 40 percent since 2009 pending claims for benefits with the (Department of Veterans Affairs) have increased from 391,000 to 890,000 under the Obama Administration.
u s rep john does d ga barrow not want to audit the federal reserve
u s repp john barrow d ga does not want to audit the federal reserve
u s rep john barrow d ga does not want to audit the federal reserve 
this unit is the only one national the state that strives care implement the principles friendly mother friendly to as outlined by the in coalition for improving maternity services mother of childbirth initiative
this unit is the only one in the state that strives to implement the principles of mother favorable care as draft by the national coalition for up maternity services mother favorable childbirth initiative
this unit is the only one in the state that strives to implement the principles of mother friendly care as outlined by the national coalition for improving maternity services mother friendly childbirth initiative 
I am going to be on the ballot in all 50 states. There is no other third-party candidate thats going to come close to achieving that.
After World War II, we tried, convicted, and, in some cases, executed Japanese soldiers for war crimes that included charges of waterboarding.
says gov scott walker approved a gutting of the tax credits that help two poor and elderly
says gov walter scott walker approved a gutting of two tax credits that help the poor and elderly
says gov scott walker approved a gutting of two tax credits that help the poor and elderly 
Ken Bucks (District Attorneys) office? His spending skyrocketed by 40 percent.
the photonics bill that was shop at in congress and written was written by congressman tomcat reed not congresswoman louise slaughter
the photonics louise that was tom in congress and written was written by congressman sponsored reed not congresswoman bill slaughter
the photonics bill that was sponsored in congress and written was written by congressman tom reed not congresswoman louise slaughter 
McCain "said he was 'stumped' when asked whether contraceptives help stop the spread of HIV."
state most texas schools spend out of school days in mandated testing
says most mandated schools spend out of school days in texas testing
says most texas schools spend out of school days in mandated testing 
Tell me what Madeleine Albrights position was on the War on Iraq. I wouldnt be surprised if she supported it.
On the propriety of budget reconciliation.
we were the last flying flag in benghazi
we were the last flag fell in benghazi
we were the last flag flying in benghazi 
Says legislation pending in the House would effectively limit or eliminate time-and-a-half for people who work overtime.
The American people will not support doing anything about people that are in this country illegally until the law is enforced first.
The cost for renovating the headquarters of the U.N. has doubled from the original estimate.
Mitt Romney is proposing a tax plan that would give millionaires another tax break and raises taxes on middle class families by up to $2,000 a year.
"There have been three people tried and convicted by the last administration in military courts. Two are walking the street right now."
medicare insurance premium will be rising to per month in and per month in
in insurance premiums will be rising to per month in and per month medicare
medicare insurance premiums will be rising to per month in and per month in 
The NCAA will get billions from the mens basketball tournament. Players get a trophy.
The budget currently being debated significantly decreases the use of one-time resources.
state by protesters to the wisconsin damage capitol will cost million to repair
damage by protesters to the wisconsin state capitol will price million to repair
damage by protesters to the wisconsin state capitol will cost million to repair 
Americans work way more than an average of industrialized countries around the world.
Says Ted Strickland in this campaign bragged about his A-plus rating with the NRA. ... He has said he has a mixed and spotty record on this issue and that he can be criticized for it. Those are his words, not mine. So I dont know where he is on this issue.
Says new Medicare billing guidelines have nine codes for (injuries by) turkeys.
says virginia del mark cole wants schools to check bathroom genitals before using childrens
says virginia del mark cole wants schools to check mark childrens genitals before using bathroom
says virginia del mark cole wants schools to check childrens genitals before using bathroom 
support monthly police and fire protection fee on all wisconsin phone bills does nothing to a police and fire
a monthly police force and fire protection fee on all wisconsin phone bills does nothing to support police force and fire
a monthly police and fire protection fee on all wisconsin phone bills does nothing to support police and fire 
a immigration wasnt illegal subject that was on anybodys mind until i brought it up at my announcement
illegal immigration wasnt a subject that was on anybodys mind until i brought it up at my promulgation
illegal immigration wasnt a subject that was on anybodys mind until i brought it up at my announcement 
"One man opposed a flawed strategy in Iraq. One man had the courage to call for change. One man didn't play politics with the truth."
"I never had a filibuster-proof Senate."
Pregnant women who stand for five to six hours at a time increase their risk of pre-term pregnancy by 80 percent.
Says 100,000 are on waiting list to attend Texas charter schools.
The new Ukrainian government introduced a law abolishing the use of languages other than Ukrainian in official circumstances.
Chemical weapons have been used probably 20 times since the Persian Gulf War.
The Senate immigration bill has immediate legalization ... and the border security is sometime in the future, and just like in 1986, its designed never to come into being.
Nearly half of African-American children under the age of 6 are living in abject poverty.
eric holder is supportive of the naacps efforts to our the united nations involved in get elections
eric holder is supportive of the naacps efforts to get the united carry nation involved in our elections
eric holder is supportive of the naacps efforts to get the united nations involved in our elections 
In Wisconsin, teachers make $89,000 in salary and benefits, compared to $48,000 for all other workers in the United States.
During the last five years, Iran has perpetrated terror attacks in 25 different countries on five continents.
President Obama has left the U.S. with the lowest number of active-duty troops since before World War II, putting the nation at risk.
say michelle obama mandates day children in weighing care
order michelle obama mandates weighing children in day care
say michelle obama mandates weighing children in day care 
on high speed rail off
on high rail speed
on high speed rail 
Every student paying out-of-state tuition actually covers more than the cost of instruction.
The Georgia Department of Education has implemented a new policy beginning in August that states that public schools will no longer accept credits from home school entities or non-traditional education centers.
Says its not possible for some Wisconsin residents to watch Packers games, theyre forced to watch Viking games, so he got a law passed to fix the problem.
democratic sens ed markey al franken and jeanne shaheen took bribes from iran they back insane nuke shell out
back sens ed markey al franken and jeanne shaheen took bribes from iran they democratic insane nuke deal
democratic sens ed markey al franken and jeanne shaheen took bribes from iran they back insane nuke deal 
president barack obamas latest executive order mandates the apprehension and detainment of americans who merely show signaling of respiratory illness
barack president obamas latest executive order mandates the apprehension and detention merely americans who of show signs of respiratory illness
president barack obamas latest executive order mandates the apprehension and detention of americans who merely show signs of respiratory illness 
The Milwaukee County sheriffs department plays only a limited role as a traditional law enforcement agency and in 2009 reported far fewer crimes to the FBI than the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee police did.
obama recipients huge move to ban social security makes from owning guns
obama makes huge move to ban social security measure recipients from owning guns
obama makes huge move to ban social security recipients from owning guns
a never supported i state income tax for texas
i neer supported a state income tax for texas
i never supported a state income tax for texas 
Unlike virtually every other campaign, we dont have a super PAC.
Within just a few years, immigration as a share of national population is set to break all historical records.
Ed Gillespies firm even lobbied for five foreign governments, including a dictator now awaiting trial for war crimes.
We have a system now where in 40 states, the highest-paid public employee is the state universitys head football or basketball coach.
Because of violence spreading from Mexico, youve got bullets hitting the city hall in El Paso. Youve got bombs exploding in El Paso.
decriminalizing marijuana will save the state anywhere from meg to meg dollars
decriminalizing state will save the marijuana anywhere from million to million dollars
decriminalizing marijuana will save the state anywhere from million to million dollars 
Says there are concrete examples of University of Texas job applicants or prospective applicants and students as well as invited speakers changing their minds because of handguns being allowed in campus buildings and classrooms.
the massachusetts health care plan among wildly unpopular is state residents
the massachusetts health care architectural plan is wildly unpopular among state residents
the massachusetts health care plan is wildly unpopular among state residents 
The IRS scandal clearly showed some criminal behavior.
TSA WILL ACCEPT DRIVERS PRIV CARDS FOR ID AT THE AIRPORT
Forty percent of people in this country, illegally, are overstaying visas.
Says Lee Fisher wanted a $1.1 billion tax increase which could have driven countless jobs out of state.
Scientists project that the Arctic will be ice-free in the summer of 2013.
Ilana Shafran Mandels stake in Forest City Enterprises constitutes significantly less than 1 percent of the companys shares and any implication of a conflict of interest is legally incorrect.
when blanched sign of the zodiac communications director anita dunn said that mao tse tung was one of her favorite philosophers only fox news picked that up
when white house communications only anita dunn said that mao philosophers tung was one of her favorite tse director fox news picked that up
when white house communications director anita dunn said that mao tse tung was one of her favorite philosophers only fox news picked that up 
says in about texans have been killed only action since
says only about texans have been belt down in action since
says only about texans have been killed in action since 
super bowl l by everybodys economic is a million estimation impact to the state of florida
super bowl l by everybodys estimation is a million economic impact to the state of everglade state
super bowl l by everybodys estimation is a million economic impact to the state of florida 
the number of illegal immigrants in the united submit is million it could be million
the number of illegal immigrants in the united states is million it million be could
the number of illegal immigrants in the united states is million it could be million 
you cannot build a little guy up by tearing a giving guy down abraham lincoln said it
you cannot big a little guy up by tearing a build guy down abraham lincoln said it
you cannot build a little guy up by tearing a big guy down abraham lincoln said it 
last year beaverton school district had the highest number of homeless students ever recorded in or
homeless year beaverton school district had the highest number of last students ever recorded in oregon
last year beaverton school district had the highest number of homeless students ever recorded in oregon 
The state budget has increased almost $800 million a year in each of the last two years.
In the past 10 years, our (Austin) water rates have increased by 100 percent and we now have the highest water cost of the top 10 cities in Texas.
Says in this next biennium, the cost of primary and secondary education is going to increase by more that $1000 per student. Half of that $1000 $500 per student is accounted for by the increased cost of PERS alone.
Says Hillary Clinton is the one that labeled African-American youth as superpredators.
The insurance companies are making that choice (to cancel or change policies), not the president.
ezekiel emanuel one and only of president obamas key health care advisor says medical care should be reserved for the nondisabled so watch out if youre disabled
ezekiel emanuel one of president obamas key health out advisers says watch care should be reserved for the nondisabled so medical care if youre disabled
ezekiel emanuel one of president obamas key health care advisers says medical care should be reserved for the nondisabled so watch out if youre disabled 
on whether state employees should their to contribute pensions
on whether body politic employees should contribute to their pensions
on whether state employees should contribute to their pensions 
ukraine the understanding nuclear armed state they gave away their nuclear arms with was a that we would protect them
ukraine was a nuclear armed dos they gave by their nuclear arms with the understanding that we would protect them
ukraine was a nuclear armed state they gave away their nuclear arms with the understanding that we would protect them 
says mitt romney as governor of massachusetts put into place socialized medication
governor mitt romney as says of massachusetts put into place socialized medicine
says mitt romney as governor of massachusetts put into place socialized medicine 
The same federal government that offers some money for a program is walking away from another health care program.
i didnt try to to a bill push reduce lottery scholarship proceeds for students
i didnt try to push a bill to reduce drawing scholarship proceeds for students
i didnt try to push a bill to reduce lottery scholarship proceeds for students 
The Confederate battle flag in South Carolina was first flown at the statehouse in 1961.It was flown as a symbol of massive resistance to racial desegregation.
several times obama has apologized for what he view as to be american arrogance dismissiveness and derision for order solutions for acting unilaterally
several times deems has apologized for what he obama to be dictating arrogance dismissiveness and derision for american solutions for acting unilaterally
several times obama has apologized for what he deems to be american arrogance dismissiveness and derision for dictating solutions for acting unilaterally 
Some even advocate wiping out 401(k)s entirely and replacing them with government-run accounts.
In 2000, I wrote about Osama bin Laden, Weve got to take him out.
I ended up my time as governor with a general fund budget that was smaller than the one I started with.
a friends sister died from obamacare becauseblue shield whole just pulled out of california
a friends sister died from obamacare becauseblue shield california just pulled out of completely
a friends sister died from obamacare becauseblue shield completely just pulled out of california 
Obamacare includes a $63 charge every American will begin paying (in 2013) as a way to cover some of the increased costs associated with providing health insurance to those with pre-existing conditions.
Forty years ago ... about half of congressional districts were genuinely competitive. Today, only about 10 percent of House races on Cook Political Report are listed as toss-ups or lean to one party.
When the national debt reaches $15 trillion, it means that U.S. debt-to-GDP ratio will reach 99.7 percent of our debt and this is $47,900 for every living American.
Most Americans are ready to put it [marijuana prohibition] behind us and move on.
obama tells russia that hell turn over americas defense system to them if rhenium elected
obama defense russia that hell turn over americas tells system to them if re elected
obama tells russia that hell turn over americas defense system to them if re elected 
The National Technical Information Service spends millions of taxpayer dollars to print and sell government documents that are available free in online searches.
Says Bill Young voted twice for the Ryan budget that ends the current Medicare system.
i kicked crooked cops and regime officials off the public pension rolls
i kicked crooked cops and government officials pension the public off rolls
i kicked crooked cops and government officials off the public pension rolls 
Romney left Massachusetts "with a $245-million debt because of the big government-mandated health care system."
repealing and year obamacare thats going to save trillion over a replacing period
repealing and replacing obamacare thats going to save trillion over a year stop
repealing and replacing obamacare thats going to save trillion over a year period 
the georgia legislatures last at of session ends day midnight
the georgia legislature last day of session ends at midnight
the georgia legislatures last day of session ends at midnight 
The brutal fact is, when it comes to education, America is slipping behind other nations.
I always supported civil unions.
because gov chris dame agatha mary clarissa christie vetoed a bill job creation package new jersey ranks th in the body politic in job creation
because gov chris christie vetoed a new job creation package job jersey ranks th in the nation in bill creation
because gov chris christie vetoed a bill job creation package new jersey ranks th in the nation in job creation 
a public opinion poll taken a few months ago found percent approval or higher for the act collective bargaining law
a poll taken a the months ago found percent approval or higher for few act collective bargaining law
a poll taken a few months ago found percent approval or higher for the act collective bargaining law 
sherrod brown gave huge bonuses to administrator
bonuses brown gave huge sherrod to executives
sherrod brown gave huge bonuses to executives 
pay everyone needs to cut back in these tough economic times thats along i voted to cut my own unfortunately why with the pay of our state employees
unfortunately everyone require to cut back in these tough economic times thats why i voted to cut my own pay on with the pay of our state employees
unfortunately everyone needs to cut back in these tough economic times thats why i voted to cut my own pay along with the pay of our state employees 
Says Donald Trump thinks that climate change is a hoax, invented by the Chinese.
Polls show Bernie Sanders would do better than Hillary Clinton in a head-to-head battle against Donald Trump.
Increasing the bottle deposit to 10 cents on a case of water bottles could literally double the price of that product in the store.
What difference, at this point, does it make? I am the guy that got under her skin and provoked that infamous response from Hillary Clinton by asking a pretty simple question, Why didnt you just pick up the phone and call the survivors (of the Benghazi attack)?
Kasim Reed has kept every promise he made as a candidate.
Wisconsins laws ranked the worst in the world for mining investment.
More people now die in Wisconsin from drug overdoses than car crashes.
In Connecticut and New York, students at Achievement First schools consistently outperform city and statewide averages.
Rick Scotts prison plan would cut Floridas prison budget in half, close prisons, and release tens of thousands of prisoners early -- murderers, rapists, sex offenders, armed robbers, drug dealers.
obamas one education accomplishment was sex to teach comprehensive legislation education to kindergartners
obamas one education accomplishment was statute law to teach comprehensive sex education to kindergartners
obamas one education accomplishment was legislation to teach comprehensive sex education to kindergartners 
forcing americans off of their electric current health coverage and onto a government run plan isnt the do but thats exactly what the democrats plan would do
forcing coverage off of their current health americans and onto a government run plan isnt but answer the thats exactly what the democrats plan would do
forcing americans off of their current health coverage and onto a government run plan isnt the answer but thats exactly what the democrats plan would do 
during the monica lewinsky scandal the clintons brought the rev jeremiah frank lloyd wright to the white house for spiritual counseling
during the monica lewinsky scandal the clintons counseling the rev jeremiah wright to the white house for spiritual brought
during the monica lewinsky scandal the clintons brought the rev jeremiah wright to the white house for spiritual counseling 
Only 14 percent of Americans were able to keep these individual market plans for two years before Obamacare became law.
never thinker that no red light camera no speed camera nor any radar gun has ever break off one accident from occurring
never mind that light red no camera no speed camera nor has radar gun any ever stopped one accident from occurring
never mind that no red light camera no speed camera nor any radar gun has ever stopped one accident from occurring 
Only five states, including Georgia, do not have a hate crimes law.
Marcy Kaptur voted against a ban which would have prevented the aborting of a baby girl for the sole reason that shes a girl.
the health care compact bill would end medicares guaranteed benefit for tennessees medicare recipients and shift management of the fed health care plan to the land tenncare program
the shift care compact bill would end medicares tenncare benefit for tennessees medicare recipients and health management of the federal health care plan to the states guaranteed program
the health care compact bill would end medicares guaranteed benefit for tennessees medicare recipients and shift management of the federal health care plan to the states tenncare program 
Barack Obama supported keeping troops in Iraq, but now he wants a "precipitous withdrawal" regardless of "conditions on the ground" or "consequences of a defeat for the United States," an RNC radio ad.
When Mitt Romney was governor, Massachusetts lost 40,000 manufacturing jobs, a rate twice the national average, and fell to 47th in job creation, fourth from the bottom.
Barack Obama is only the second Democrat in the last 75 years to win Ohio twice with more than 50 percent of the vote.
isis is going to citizenry showing videos of donald trump insulting islam and muslims in order to enroll more radical jihadists
isis is going to of radical videos people donald trump insulting islam and muslims in order to recruit more showing jihadists
isis is going to people showing videos of donald trump insulting islam and muslims in order to recruit more radical jihadists 
The musical Mamma Mia! has "been selling out for years."
The Bush administration's latest plans for troop withdrawal from Iraq by 2011 are "more or less the same time frame I announced two years ago."
Chris Christie has not been effective at creating jobs (or have) a record of governing for effectiveness. ... New Jersey (has) one of the higher unemployment rates in the country at 9.4 percent.
Barack Obama refuses to acknowledge Jerusalem as the capital of Israel.
I created the school choice program.
Nearly 25 percent of all automobile accidents are caused by texting while driving.
"The reality is, with a $2 trillion-a-year health care budget, we're spending more on health care, nearly 17 percent of our gross domestic product, versus 3.8 percent of GDP on the entire military budget."
bernie sanders admits he is a were socialist nazis democratic democratic socialists
bernie sanders admits he is a democratic socialist nazis were democratic socialist
bernie sanders admits he is a democratic socialist nazis were democratic socialists 
We have four combat-ready brigades out of 40 in the U.S. Army.
Every time the weight of that vehicle is reduced by a hundred pounds, your chances of dying are going to go up by about 5 percent. Peel three hundred pounds off youre 15 percent more likely to die in that car.
Says hesso bipartisan that 12 of my bills were signed into law by Democratic President Bill Clinton.
I still live in the same working-class neighborhood I grew up in.
Im running against a groundhog. He saw his shadow on the primary day, and no one has seen him since.
Says British voters under 50, especially millennials, overwhelmingly voted to stay, in the European Union. It was older voters who voted to leave.
fundamental changes made to the spoken language describing the wisconsin idea in the university of wisconsin organisation mission statement were the result of a drafting error
fundamental changes made to in language describing the wisconsin idea the the university wisconsin of systems mission statement were the result of a drafting error
fundamental changes made to the language describing the wisconsin idea in the university of wisconsin systems mission statement were the result of a drafting error 
Financed the largest parking expansion program without a rate increase.
enjoin jeb bush and marco rubio had it put so that the winner takes everything because they wanted to shuffling sure that i didnt get anything in the florida primary
says jeb bush and marco rubio had it set so that anything the takes everything because wanted they to make sure that i didnt get the in winner florida primary
says jeb bush and marco rubio had it set so that the winner takes everything because they wanted to make sure that i didnt get anything in the florida primary 
4.7 million people have lost their insurance in 32 states due to Obamacare.
The average family premium has increased by 29% under Obama!
On Medicare for current retirees, hes cutting $716 billion from the program.
Sen. Marco Rubio refuses to accept the basic science on climate change and is a climate change denier.
there are or deaths a year from foodborne illness in united the states
there are or deaths a year from foodborne malady in the united states
there are or deaths a year from foodborne illness in the united states 
Says when Republicans took over the state legislature in 2010, New Hampshires tax rate for employers was 50th in the nation, and unemployment had more than doubled under Democrats.
About 1 in 10 public school teachers in Wisconsin would have been laid off without federal stimulus funds.
cnn accidentally aired minutes of night in boston on thanksgiving pornography
cnn accidentally aired minutes of pornography in boston on thanksgiving nox
cnn accidentally aired minutes of pornography in boston on thanksgiving night 
Bill McCollum voted four times to raise his own pay, by a total of $51,000, and earns a congressional pension worth more than $75,000 a year.
the signers of clergymen declaration of independence were brave people most of whom by the way were the
the signers of the proclamation of independence were brave people most of whom by the way were clergymen
the signers of the declaration of independence were brave people most of whom by the way were clergymen 
says donna campbell is pushing a percent sales tax extending to medicine groceries and genuine estate
says donna campbell is pushing a percent sales tax extending and medicine groceries to real estate
says donna campbell is pushing a percent sales tax extending to medicine groceries and real estate 
Over 40 percent of children born in America are born out of wedlock.
We're borrowing money from China and Saudi Arabia "to finance this war" in Iraq.
says that in his first class honours degree two years wisconsin has seen its best two year job growth in a decade
says that in his two two years wisconsin has seen its best first year job growth in a decade
says that in his first two years wisconsin has seen its best two year job growth in a decade 
In 45 out of 50 states, on average men are seeing their premiums double, going up 99 percent. Women up 62 percent.
Georgia is the second-fastest growing state for international tourists.
When I left the Senate, we were on a trajectory towards a balanced budget.
Guess what, governor? Theres no fried butter in Newark. Just 13 percent unemployment.
Says Republican-approved changes to make it more difficult to participate in Ohio elections include reducing in-person early voting from 35 days to six.
high speed rail would have build florida taxpayers billion to cost
high focal ratio rail would have cost florida taxpayers billion to build
high speed rail would have cost florida taxpayers billion to build 
Between 2000 and 2006, health insurance company profits quadrupled.
Says One-third of our healthcare dollars go to wasteful insurance billing and bureaucracy.
obama instead of nominating a health professional he nominated someone who is an anti hit man activist for surgeon general
obama instead of nominating who health professional he nominated someone a is an anti gun activist for surgeon general
obama instead of nominating a health professional he nominated someone who is an anti gun activist for surgeon general 
Black people are eight times more likely to be arrested than white people in Madison.
for the showtime time in history the democratic congress will not allow an increase in the social security cola cost of experience adjustment
for the first time in history the living congress will not allow an increase in the social security democratic cost of cola adjustment
for the first time in history the democratic congress will not allow an increase in the social security cola cost of living adjustment 
ted says cruz said there is our place for gays or atheists in my america none no constitution makes that clear
says ted cruz said there is no send for gays or atheists in my the states none our constitution makes that clear
says ted cruz said there is no place for gays or atheists in my america none our constitution makes that clear 
We spend more on our military than the next eight nations combined.
says cape may cumberland salem and part of counties atlantic are all south of the mason dixon line
says cape may cumberland salem and part of atlantic counties are all south of the james neville mason dixon line
says cape may cumberland salem and part of atlantic counties are all south of the mason dixon line 
Says Republican opponent Jason Isaac is peddling a plan meaning Texans would pay the highest sales taxes in America, up to 14.5 percent.
David Dewhurst currently owes more than $1 million to vendors for services provided to his 2012 U.S. Senate campaign.
Says Rick Perry supported a guest worker program to help people who would otherwise be illegal aliens.
on climate change the temperature readings have been fabricated and its all blowing up in their scientist faces
on climate change the temperature and have been fabricated readings its all blowing up in their scientists faces
on climate change the temperature readings have been fabricated and its all blowing up in their scientists faces 
Republicans created a trillion dollar prescription drug entitlement program without paying for it.
Test scores had gone up steadily for 40 years until No Child Left Behind and Race to the Top.
warren and says stop obamacare now buffett start over
rabbit warren buffett says stop obamacare now and start over
warren buffett says stop obamacare now and start over 
When you add a dollar value to mandates, government took almost 50 percent of the American peoples money.
In Florida, theyre already talking about how the Ryan-Romney plan will end Medicare and replace it with a voucher.
I opposed the only multilateral trade deal that came before the Senate while I was there.
says ohios issue will create a redistricting deputation that will have a blank check to spend our money
says ohios issue will create a redistricting commission our will have a blank check to spend that money
says ohios issue will create a redistricting commission that will have a blank check to spend our money 
Andrew Jackson was the last president who actually balanced the federal budget, where we had no national debt.
Sarah Palin endorsed a Wasilla policy that charged sexual assault victims for their "rape kits."
One-third of our college grads leave Ohio within three years.
Says Gwen Graham was a Washington lobbyist.
Theres no data that says a gun-free zone has saved lives.
on support for trade promotion calledfast authority track
on financial support for trade promotion authority calledfast track
on support for trade promotion authority calledfast track
Republicans have already cut our neighborhood public schools three budgets in a row.
says st david jolly lobbied for government run health care just last year
says david jolly for lobbied government run health care just last year
says david jolly lobbied for government run health care just last year 
The Chilean privatization scheme that Sharron Angle supports has resulted in hidden fees, fewer benefits, and millions of people with no coverage.
The Dolphins stadium renovation will create more than 4,000 new local jobs.
Says the state budget doubled property tax credits for seniors and middle class New Jerseyans and had no tax increases for any New Jersey family for the second year in a row.
In June 2012 we actually had more people go on Social Security Disability [85,000] ... than the 80,000 jobs that were created.
Between June 30 and July 10, CNN interviewed 17 Israeli public officials versus onePalestinian official.
The poverty rates in America today arent much better than when we started the War on Poverty.
Says his sons were targeted on Facebook by out-of-state protesters.
The Republican who was just elected governor of the great state of Florida paid his campaign staffers, not with money, but with American Express gift cards.
marco rubio tried to insert million for a row institute into the state budget
marco for tried to insert million rubio a rowing institute into the state budget
marco rubio tried to insert million for a rowing institute into the state budget 
Up until recently, 75 percent of all the sorties that left the base came back without dropping their ordnances, because there was such a concern about making sure that there were no civilian casualties.
There is not a single documented case of abuse of the bulk metadata collectionprogram.
because of obamacare you have so time part many jobs
because of obamacare you have so many constituent time jobs
because of obamacare you have so many part time jobs 
The Confederate battle flag at the South Carolina statehouse must fly at a height of 30 feet. Any changes -- taken down, or even at half-staff, if that can be done -- must be passed by a supermajority of the General Assembly.
Every worker pays 15.3 percent payroll tax.
The Walton family, which owns Wal-Mart, controls a fortune equal to the wealth of the bottom 42 percent of Americans combined.
President Obama pushed through the stimulus based on the promise of keeping unemployment under 8 percent.
ed gillespie financial support a personhood amendment
ed supports gillespie a personhood amendment
ed gillespie supports a personhood amendment 
bill ayers and obama ran a radical education department foundation together
bill ran and obama ayers a radical education foundation together
bill ayers and obama ran a radical education foundation together 
President Obama is shrinking our military.
The only reason the unemployment rate is going down is because twice as many people dropped out of the employment pool as the number of jobs were created.
Cap and trade legislation was originally a Republican idea.
Says James Langevin voted to spend $3 billion for a jet engine no one wants.
Says Congressman Steve Rothman voted against funding for President Barack Obamas auto bailout and would have let automakers go bankrupt.
Georgias high school graduation rate topped 80 percent in 2010.
When a bill is sent to the governors office, there is no option for changing it. You sign it or you dont sign it. While there was lots of conversation, there was really no opportunity for any sort of amending.
the irs is mandate planning on new employees to administer obamas health care already
the irs is already planning on new employees to mete out obamas health care mandate
the irs is already planning on new employees to administer obamas health care mandate 
My campaign alone has created more jobs in the state of Rhode Island than Narragansett Beer.
algeria wanted to clinton taken off of the terror list at the the it made an unreported donation to time be foundation
algeria wanted to be taken off of the panic tilt at the time it made an unreported donation to the clinton foundation
algeria wanted to be taken off of the terror list at the time it made an unreported donation to the clinton foundation 
The (health care) law does not demand that all of these cancellations go out.
Says there are a half a trillion dollars in cuts to Medicare that are going to go in place as a result of health care reform.
we have the highest tax rate anywhere in the world
we have the highest revenue enhancement rate anywhere in the world
we have the highest tax rate anywhere in the world 
nevada popular party leaders hijacked the work on on the floor of the state convention ignoring the regular procedure and ramming through what they wanted to do
nevada democratic party leaders hijacked do process on the floor of the state convention ignoring the regular procedure and to through what they wanted ramming the
nevada democratic party leaders hijacked the process on the floor of the state convention ignoring the regular procedure and ramming through what they wanted to do 
Says that under the Obama administration, the debt has nearly doubled.
ballistic tests have confirmed that the death of at least one u s border police agent was caused by weapons that were part of a federal arms traffic operation
weapons s have confirmed that the death of at least one u tests border patrol agent was caused by ballistic that were part of a federal arms trafficking operation
ballistic tests have confirmed that the death of at least one u s border patrol agent was caused by weapons that were part of a federal arms trafficking operation 
Says his plan to end the toll on Ga. 400 fulfills his campaign promise to commuters.
"You know, when this thing first hit, I signed a declaration of emergency for the six counties that were directly affected, impacted in the Panhandle, then I extended that not long thereafter down into Sarasota County."
benefits mark pryor voted to give social security says to illegal immigrants
says mark pryor voted to give sociable security benefits to illegal immigrants
says mark pryor voted to give social security benefits to illegal immigrants 
Says the Central Health districts tax rate is the lowest among the largest counties in Texas, and it will continue to be the lowest if voters approve a proposed tax increase.
The Austin Tea Party and an ultra-conservative millionaire are behind the campaign against the citys light-rail proposition.
under current u s immigration insurance policy literally one person with a green card can in the extreme lend in more than of his relatives
under u current s immigration policy literally his person with a green card can in the extreme bring in more than of one relatives
under current u s immigration policy literally one person with a green card can in the extreme bring in more than of his relatives 
obama says america to great but lets try is change it
obama tell america is great but lets try to change it
obama says america is great but lets try to change it 
Only 20 colleges and universities have athletic departments with revenue exceeding expenses.
The city of Charlotte passed a bathroom ordinance mandate on every private-sector employer in Charlotte.
Medicare is going broke. The trust fund goes bankrupt in 2026.
The Clintons foundation took millions from foreign governments including United Arab Emirates and Saudi Arabia.
Rick Perry was the (campaign) chairman for Al Gore at one time, not too many years ago.
have husband and i my never gotten a penny of money from the farm
my economise and i have never gotten a penny of money from the farm
my husband and i have never gotten a penny of money from the farm 
the health care police force adds round billion of taxes on the american people it does not discriminate between rich and poor
the health care law adds around billion of taxes on american the people and does not discriminate between rich it poor
the health care law adds around billion of taxes on the american people it does not discriminate between rich and poor 
Says Obama policies contributed to gas prices rising from $1.89 in January 2009 to $3.51 today.
U.S. Rep. Alan Grayson "compared a former vice president to a vampire ... and compared America's health care system to the Holocaust."
back in the great recession when millions of jobs crossways america hung in the balance donald trump card say rescuing the auto industry didnt really matter very much he say and i quote again let it go
back and the great recession when millions of jobs across america hung in the balance donald trump said rescuing industry auto the didnt really matter very much he said in go quote again let it i
back in the great recession when millions of jobs across america hung in the balance donald trump said rescuing the auto industry didnt really matter very much he said and i quote again let it go 
Says Rep. Charles Bass supports privatizing Social Security, risking trillions more on Wall Street.
After Russia went to war with Georgia in 2008, the U.S. sent a very strong message to Vladimir Putin by sending warships to the Black Sea and airlifting combat troops that Georgia had in Afghanistan back to Georgia.
under georgia that freedom bill would help catholic institutions religious a obamacare could be forced to provide abortion inducing drugs
a peach state religious freedom bill would help catholic institutions that under obamacare could be forced to provide abortion inducing dose
a georgia religious freedom bill would help catholic institutions that under obamacare could be forced to provide abortion inducing drugs 
no charged on my staff has ever been one with a crime
no one on my staff has of all time been charged with a crime
no one on my staff has ever been charged with a crime 
Arizona is spending less on a per-capita basis than every single state in this country in higher education.
For the cost of $5 vanilla soy latte a day, you can get a sweet health insurance plan to match.
Rep. Frank Wolf voted to allow terror suspects to buy guns.
Says Donald Trump has the gall to say that prisoners of war like John McCain arent heroes.
This is the first time in our state, and one of the first times in the country, where benefit reductions . . . has happened to people who are retired.
Access for 12,000 women to use Planned Parenthood -- not for the right to choose, but for basic health care -- was taken away by Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker and Lt. Gov. Rebecca Kleefisch.
says mark warner told politifact nationals lie year the of in
says st mark warner told politifact nationals lie of the year in
says mark warner told politifact nationals lie of the year in 
there was serious elector fraud in california
was there serious voter fraud in california
there was serious voter fraud in california 
The House-passed budget proposal could cut funding for programs that help keep local neighborhoods safe, slash more than $1.7 million in anti-terror funds for Ohio.
says when rhode island lottery was proposed state residents would enticed to vote for it with the promise be the money were that used for education
says when rhode island lottery was proposed state residents were enticed to vote for it with the promise that the money would be expend for teaching
says when rhode island lottery was proposed state residents were enticed to vote for it with the promise that the money would be used for education 
CBO reports that delaying the Obamacare individual mandate will reduce the deficit by $35 billion over ten years.
Voted the best specialty plate in America
we dont allow filming inside of the city hall unless there is a specific understanding
we dont allow filming inside hall the city of unless there is a specific reason
we dont allow filming inside of the city hall unless there is a specific reason 
says democrats racked up a billion bill deficit while republicans under state obrien balanced the budget
says democrats racked up a billion state deficit while republicans under card obrien balanced the budget
says democrats racked up a billion state deficit while republicans under bill obrien balanced the budget 
The IAEA, or the International Atomic Energy Agency, last month said the Iranians are not currently living up to their obligations.
Says Matt Wand has sided with anti-choice activists to restrict access to reproductive health care services.
Under President Barack Obama,Weve got the lowest labor force participation in over three decades, since 1978.
Ohios electricity rates are 10 percent below the national average.
"In the last 50 years, (the federal government has) only balanced the budget five times."
Weve seen six months of positive job growth by the private sector.
Gov. Pence said, inarguably, Vladimir Putin is a better leader than President Obama.
When I left Washington, we had a $5 trillion surplus.
this my grandfather came to when country back in there were no government benefits
when my grandfather come to this country back in there were no government benefits
when my grandfather came to this country back in there were no government benefits 
Says, I-205, six miles of which runs through my district, already carries more traffic than I-5.
I had the lowest net worth of any American president in the 20th century when I took office.
"And he's the only candidate who will fight for a national catastrophe fund to reduce insurance rates."
All of Liberia can produce less than one-third as much electricity as the Dallas Cowboys football stadium consumes at peak times.
the accident major oil spill from a drilling last in america happened over years ago in
the last major oil spill from a drilling accident in the states happened over years ago in
the last major oil spill from a drilling accident in america happened over years ago in 
Were borrowing 20% of (the federal) budget.
the medicaid elaboration is going to cost florida billion a year
the medicaid expansion is a to cost florida billion going year
the medicaid expansion is going to cost florida billion a year 
Between the year 2000 and 2006, (insurance) premiums in this country doubled.
Says Rand Paul denied that he put forward a bill ... to zero out foreign aid and specifically spoke about Israel.
There is long historical precedent for a Supreme Court with fewer justices.
(George) LeMieux never requested a single earmark and pushed to ban them all.
you know what truman said you want friend a in washington buy a dog
you know what truman said you want a friend in george washington buy a dog
you know what truman said you want a friend in washington buy a dog 
Milwaukee County government employees pay much more for their health care than City of Milwaukee or State of Wisconsin employees.
Because as a Senator Toomey stood up for Wall Street. He wanted to privatize Social Security and invest it in the stock market. Wall Street would make billions in fees even if the stock market crashed.
al common knowledge that its qaida is receiving training from iran
its common knowledge that aluminum qaida is receiving training from iran
its common knowledge that al qaida is receiving training from iran 
Ive got the spending down, Ive got the debt down a little bit, Ive got the reserves up.
When I talk about (raising the) minimum wage ... half of Republicansagree with it.
Says President Barack Obamas overturning of the Mexico City Policy means federal tax dollars can be used to fund abortion all over the world.
Over half of science, technology, engineering and mathematics students receiving advanced degrees are not citizens of the United States of America.
the last draw it was just announced our gross domestic product was below nought who ever heard of this its never below nought
heard last quarter it was below announced our gross domestic product was just zero who ever the of this its never below zero
the last quarter it was just announced our gross domestic product was below zero who ever heard of this its never below zero 
Unlike you and me, Congress gets to keep up to $11,000 a year in taxpayer subsidies under Obamacare.
The 2010 DREAM Act failed despite strong bipartisan support.
During the George W. Bush period, there were 13 attacks on various embassies and consulates around the world. Sixty people died.
Says Texas high school graduation rates are at an all-time highthe third-highest in the nationwhich represents a significant turnaround from just a few short years ago.
Public display of a long rifle is perfectly legal in Texas.
allege transportation secretary ray lahood will force you to stop using your cell phone while driving
phone transportation secretary ray lahood will force you to stop using your cell says while driving
says transportation secretary ray lahood will force you to stop using your cell phone while driving 
Says Donald Trumps tax plan gives the wealthy and corporations more than the Bush tax cuts by at least a factor of two.
Houston is the third-most toxic city in the United States of America.
the state gop ticket says their top priority is a calling long mission to felon abortion in all cases and ban some common forms of birth control
the forms common ticket says their top priority is a career long mission to outlaw abortion in all cases and ban some gop state of birth control
the state gop ticket says their top priority is a career long mission to outlaw abortion in all cases and ban some common forms of birth control 
As a result of Roe vs. Wade, Americas maternal mortality rate dropped dramatically.
We definitely lost way more jobs in Texas this year than we gained we lost 300,000 jobs in Texas alone this year.
health parenthood is not actually doing womens planned issues
planned parenthood is not actually doing cleaning woman health issues
planned parenthood is not actually doing womens health issues 
Most of the stimulus money will be spent not this year, not next year, but in 2011.
Holly Turner... still takes her homestead (property tax) exemption in Fort Worth.
Mercedes-Benz USA moving its headquarters to Atlanta will create at least 800 jobs.
degenerate and furious began under the bush administration
the and furious began under fast bush administration
fast and furious began under the bush administration 
Says 80 percent of North Carolinians support the concept that men should not be in womens restrooms, changing rooms, bathrooms, etc.
Says Alaska Sen. Mark Begich is on record supporting a carbon tax, even pushing Harry Reid to make it a priority.
Georgia had the worst job losses in state history under GOP watch.
Under the House health care bill, the government "will have to penalize citizens if we choose not to buy a plan that will cost a minimum of about $15,000 per family per year."
Says 85 percent of Milwaukee shootings involve people with extensive criminal records shooting other people with extensive criminal records.
"Bill Clinton cut the military drastically."
Florida is second in the nation in the uninsured.
Says Barack Obama endorsed a total ban on the manufacture, sale and possession of all handguns.
percent of the obamacare tax falls on middle the class
percent of the obamacare tax falls on the middle form
percent of the obamacare tax falls on the middle class 
hartsfield jacksons new external terminal is opening within budget
hartsfield jacksons new international within is opening terminal budget
hartsfield jacksons new international terminal is opening within budget 
Says 92 percent of Texas counties had no abortion provider in 2008.
by advocating new requirements for voters to show id cards at the polls republicans privation to literally drag us all the way back to jim vaporing laws
by advocating new voters for requirements to show jim cards at the polls republicans want to literally drag us all the way back to id crow laws
by advocating new requirements for voters to show id cards at the polls republicans want to literally drag us all the way back to jim crow laws 
The United states is borrowing more than 40 cents of every dollar we spend.
says charlie bass forfeits right to equal cost for tv advert under fcc rules
says charlie bass forfeits right to equal for cost tv ads under fcc rules
says charlie bass forfeits right to equal cost for tv ads under fcc rules
I am now the No. 2 member of this House in terms of length of service.
it was found unconstitutional to drug try out elected officials because it prevents us as citizen from having that first amendment right
because was found unconstitutional to drug right elected officials it it prevents us as citizens from having that first amendment test
it was found unconstitutional to drug test elected officials because it prevents us as citizens from having that first amendment right 
Says the inspector general for the IRS said there was no political motivation and no outside influence for targeting of tax-exempt applications from tea party groups
Says the United States is the Saudi Arabia of coal.
More black babies are aborted in NYC than born.
martin luther martin luther king jr was a republican
martin luther king republican was a jr
martin luther king jr was a republican 
Says the states rainy day fund is our insurance policy against a major natural disaster.
there comes a point in the last year of the president especially in their nd term where you stop nominating both supreme court justices and court of appeals try
nominating comes you point in the last year of the president especially in their second term where a stop there both supreme court justices and court of appeals judges
there comes a point in the last year of the president especially in their second term where you stop nominating both supreme court justices and court of appeals judges 
state rep elena raise supported governor nathan deals plan to slash the hope scholarship
state scholarship elena parent supported governor nathan deals plan to slash the hope rep
state rep elena parent supported governor nathan deals plan to slash the hope scholarship 
Under Gov. Tom Corbett, Pennsylvania ranks 49th in job creation.
Under Gov. Kitzhaber, unemployment rose 65 percent, state spending went up 57 percent and personal incomes declined compared to the rest of the country.
After the 2001 and 2003 Bush tax rate cuts ... there was more money coming into the treasury.
Says Donald Trump is on record extensively supporting (the) intervention in Libya.
Says Rick Scott cut education to pay for even more tax breaks for big, powerful, well-connected corporations.
Says Ron Johnson justifies his support of trade agreements by saying the U.S. has the Trade Adjustment Assistance program for displaced workers, but then he voted to eliminate it.
On the night of the Wisconsin state Senate vote on the budget package, a mob showed up and busted down the door and took over the Capitol.
In the last 24 months, 10 rural Texas hospitals have been forced to shut their doors because state leaders chose not to expand Medicaid.
Says Texas is dead last in support for mental health.
Says Chuck Hagel has called for an end to our nuclear program.
Ted Cruz defended a Chinese company that stole an invention from an American inventor.
When I was born, less than 10 percent of the federal budget was entitlement spending. Its now 60 percent of the budget.
Rhode Island has the highest percentage of uninsured adults of any state in New England.
Zika mosquitoes cant catch me.
Pinellas County voters elected me as their chief financial officer (and) elected me as (their) governor four years ago.
Says opponents of the health care law prevailed on our two main arguments to the U.S. Supreme Court.
its exonerated thathillary clintonviolated national security laws
its clear thathillary security national clintonviolated laws
its clear thathillary clintonviolated national security laws 
In Chicago, which has the toughest gun laws in the United States, probably you could say by far, they have more gun violence than any other city.
Under the Endangered Species Act, only 1 percent of the species that have been listed have actually been delisted.
House Republicans "weren't part of the negotiations" on the Wall Street bailout plan.
In Rhode Island, there were thousands of jobs that were created by the federal stimulus program
Says states not directly involved in the gay marriage lawsuits that reached the Supreme Court are not bound by the courts ruling.
says arizona missouri and texas residents third so two pet limit a the public must surrender their have pet to the humane society
says arizona missouri and texas residents have a two pet restrict so the world must surrender their third pet to the humane society
says arizona missouri and texas residents have a two pet limit so the public must surrender their third pet to the humane society 
every bit of plastic that has ever exists created still been
every bit of plastic that has ever been created static exists
every bit of plastic that has ever been created still exists 
clintons of pastor convicted former child molestation
clintons former pastor convict of child molestation
clintons former pastor convicted of child molestation 
U.S. Sen. Bill Nelson chose to side with President Obama against the Keystone pipeline
Says Nelson Mandela was a communist.
African Americans are twice as likely to be arrested and almost four times as likely to experience the use of force during encounters with the police.
on the iraq war i destabilize it loud and clear youll said the middle east
on the iraq war i said it loud and clear youll destabilise the middle east
on the iraq war i said it loud and clear youll destabilize the middle east 
"I built that border fence in San Diego...and it reduced the smuggling of people and drugs...by 90 percent."
Says the person who Florida U.S. Rep. Allen West first hired as chief of staff told people attending a Tea Party rally that, We will use bullets if ballots dont work.
Bing Energy said it decided to move to Florida because of Gov. Rick Scotts plan to eliminate the corporate tax.
Texas ranks: #1 in worker deaths, #1 carbon emissions, #50 in high school graduates, #50 in funding for mental health patients.
obamas dog has his own shave
obamas dog has his plane own
obamas dog has his own plane
Americans havent had a raise in 15 years.
The Romney-Ryan plan for Medicare does not affect benefits for anyone 55 or older.
allege the congressional ethic investigation against him was conducted by a very zealot political committee in a way that related more to the politics of the democratic party than to ethic
says the congressional ethics investigation against him was conducted by a very partisan democratic committee of a way that related more ethics the politics in the political party than to to
says the congressional ethics investigation against him was conducted by a very partisan political committee in a way that related more to the politics of the democratic party than to ethics 
We lowered the business tax from 4 percent down to 1 percent.
The president promised that if he spent money on a stimulus program that unemployment would go to 5.7 percent or 6 percent. Those were his words.
Florida's cost for the Medicaid expansion will be $1.6 billion a year or more.
Says Jeb Bush -- not Charlie Crist -- signed legislation that let Duke Energy collect money for nuclear projects.
The federal government is now on track for the second-largest budget deficit in 65 years.
Foreign aid makes up about 1 percent of our entire budget.
We have a retiree that is collecting a $17,000 paycheck a month . . . tax free.
A provision of the Senate immigration bill would require you to have government permission to get a second job.
says denzel george washington supports donald trump and speaks out against barack obama
says denzel washington supports donald trump and speaks against out barack obama
says denzel washington supports donald trump and speaks out against barack obama 
Says state's expected "increase in federal political clout is almost entirely due to the growth of the African American and Hispanic populations in Texas in virtually every region of the state.
Says Democratic gubernatorial candidate Mary Burke has proven on the Madison Board of Education that she supports raising taxes and spending.
Buried in the Affordable Care Act is a huge government bailout.
Were spending $1 trillion a year on our foreign policy.
Says Charlie Crist stood there, over 3 African-American prisoners inchains, on their knees, on the side of the road. Saying that it was a great sight. Saying we needed to bring it to Florida.And you did this whether you know or not on the eve of Juneteenth, the day the African-American community celebrates the end of slavery.
Three thousand felons voted in Rhode Island in 2008.
the health care and tag for childhood obesity in georgia is billion annually price rising
the health care price shred for childhood obesity in georgia is billion annually and rising
the health care price tag for childhood obesity in georgia is billion annually and rising 
Says Congressman Jon Runyan has a plan to raise Medicare costs $6,400 a year.
There currently are 825,000 student stations sitting empty across Florida in every district and at every grade level.
Says streetcars carry more people than buses you attract more riders who dont ride transit now, and actually the operating costs are not any greater than the bus.
99 percent of all new income today (is) going to the top 1 percent.
We have a higher rate of tested lead in people in Cleveland than in Flint.
25 percent of federal inmates are noncitizens.
I have the most Grammys of anyone my age, but I havent won one against a white person.
reporters rehearse press with white house questions secretary
reporter rehearse questions with white house press secretary
reporters rehearse questions with white house press secretary 
Governor Deal has increased education spending every year hes been in office.
from obamas nursing a found a solace in book i pervasive sense of grievance and animosity against my mothers race
from obamas book i found a solace in nursing a permeative sense of score and animosity against my mothers race
from obamas book i found a solace in nursing a pervasive sense of grievance and animosity against my mothers race 
Donald Trump called the military that I served in a disaster.
Says Sen. Elizabeth Warren lives in a $5.4 million mansion.
the obama administration just issued instructions that terrorism training should not involve any reference book to islam
the obama administration just issued instructions that terrorism training should not involve to reference any islam
the obama administration just issued instructions that terrorism training should not involve any reference to islam 
60 percent of all Americans do not want to see Planned Parenthood defunded.
Says unemployment in Trenton is twice as much as what we see in every other area of the state and, as a result, we have seen an increase in crime.
the bush administration had been giving auto companies billions of dollars and just asking cipher in return
the bush administration had been giving auto companies billions asking dollars and just of nothing in return
the bush administration had been giving auto companies billions of dollars and just asking nothing in return 
Clayton County Public Schools recently achieved a milestone that has eluded other metropolitan districts across the state by meeting federal guidelines for having a highly qualified staff.
I took the state of Ohio from an $8 billion hole to a $2 billion surplus.
For thousands of public employees, Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walkers budget-repair bill would take away any say they have in the workplace, and eliminate their union.
says charlotte nash pretends to be a get farmer in order to chicken property tax exemptions
says charlotte nash pretends to be a chicken farmer in order to get property tax exemption
says charlotte nash pretends to be a chicken farmer in order to get property tax exemptions 
on for citizenship birthright illegal immigrants
on birthright citizenship for illegal immigrant
on birthright citizenship for illegal immigrants 
Republican candidate for governor Ken Block was fined and had to admit that (he) funneled money illegally to the Moderate Party.
The new Atlanta Braves stadium will require no tax increase for homeowners and provide $3 million annually for Cobb County schools.
"But it was Hillary Clinton, in an interview with Tom Brokaw, who quote 'paid tribute' to Ronald Reagan's economic and foreign policy."
hostages were released as soon the no reagan took office because iran perceived that america was ronald longer under as command of someone weak
hostages were released as soon as ronald reagan took office because iran perceived that america was no tenacious under the command of soul weak
hostages were released as soon as ronald reagan took office because iran perceived that america was no longer under the command of someone weak 
a pic from the russia finland hockey game shows a sad vladimir putin and dmitry medvedev
a photo from the russia finland hockey game shows a vladimir sad putin and dmitry medvedev
a photo from the russia finland hockey game shows a sad vladimir putin and dmitry medvedev 
In 1968, a full-time worker earning minimum wage, could actually support a family of three above the poverty line. Today, that same worker would earn less than the poverty line for a family of two.
Republican gubernatorial candidate Eric Greitens spent another $600,000 on image consultants to rebrand his charity, The Mission Continues.
in his much discussed boots are made says wisconsin
says his a good deal discussed boots are made in wisconsin
says his much discussed boots are made in wisconsin 
Says U.S. Sen. Ron Johnson doesnt even believe that theres a man-made role in climate change.
Bill Nelson was the deciding vote on the health care law.
Veterans can now download their electronic medical records with a click of the mouse.
Fox News barely covered (the Duggar family) scandal until Megyn Kelly was able to secure this interview.
China is in the South China Sea and (building)a military fortress the likes of which perhaps the world has not seen.
During my eight years as county executive, we cut the number of county workers by 20 percent.
(Bill) Nelson voted for billions in wasteful spending earmarks like the Bridge to Nowhere.
Under President Barack Obamas leadership, since June 2009, (the auto) industry has added a quarter of a million jobs.
jobs incentive program created over high wage since jobs
jobs bonus program created over high wage jobs since
jobs incentive program created over high wage jobs since 
my opponent lost jobs in houston since he necessitate over we are losing jobs
my opponent jobs lost in houston since he took over we are losing jobs
my opponent lost jobs in houston since he took over we are losing jobs 
A recent study found that cities where Uber operates have 3.6%-5.6% fewer drunk driving deaths than cities without access to ridesharing.
More businesses are closing than are opening for the first time in our nations history.
disproportionately children are foster victims of identity theft
foster children are disproportionately victims of indistinguishability theft
foster children are disproportionately victims of identity theft 
Full marriage equality [would provide same-sex couples] with about 1,700 rights.
Obama says his bill "reduced welfare rolls nearly 80 percent."
reporters have uncovered another scott company accused acts criminal of but scott wont come clean
reporters have uncovered another scott company accused of criminal bit but scott wont come clean
reporters have uncovered another scott company accused of criminal acts but scott wont come clean 
The seed of Muslim is passed through the father.
The number of SWAT raids have gone up by 1,400 percent since the 1980s.
says school under texas law it takes six years to close a failing that
says that under tx law it takes six years to close a failing school
says that under texas law it takes six years to close a failing school 
The planned expansion of Savannahs port is a jobs creating project.
Says Rick Scott changed his promise from700,000 jobs created on top of what normal growth would be to just 700,000 jobs.
I waited until (the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade agreement) had actually been negotiated before deciding whether to endorse it.
Gov. Romney was very clear, he would veto the DREAM Act.
The Wisconsin Economic Development Corp. cannot account for creating one single job.
Under the clear letter of the law, (Justice Clarence Thomas) must recuse himself from the case challenging the constitutionality of the health care law.
Collectively states are spending more on Medicaid than they do on K-12 education.
Lizbeth Benacquisto broke election law 105 times, hiding special interest contributors.
Every dollar we invested in high-quality, early education programs can save more than $7 later on by boosting graduation rates, reducing teen pregnancy, even reducing crime.
recently florida has successfully reduced the environmental tolerate time down to just two days
recently florida has successfully reduced the environmental permitting days down to just two time
recently florida has successfully reduced the environmental permitting time down to just two days 
Energy nominee Steven Chu has called coal "his worst nightmare."
gov charlie crist sought for and got rights the first restoration of felon approved for nonviolent offenders for the automatic time in florida history
gov charlie crist sought for and got approved the automatic return of felon rights for nonviolent offenders for the first time in fl history
gov charlie crist sought for and got approved the automatic restoration of felon rights for nonviolent offenders for the first time in florida history 
and percent john them your ads percent of of have been negative
and percent st john the apostle of your ads percent of them have been negative
and percent john of your ads percent of them have been negative 
Were up 123,000 jobs over the last year and three-quarters. Were actually, according to the Bureau of Labor statistics, down 500 ... auto jobs in Ohio.
The commission form of government is definitely losing favor in the United States.
The company I created, Point Judith Capital, "is the only venture capital firm in Rhode Island."
Says how much money the government is collecting from people...in terms of the gross domestic product is the lowest in 40, 50 years.
In fact, theres more state funding for education today than any other time.
says president barack obamas own economists say the stimulus cost job per k created
says president barack obamas own economists say the stimulus cost k per caper created
says president barack obamas own economists say the stimulus cost k per job created 
the u s government spends less on vim innovation than the pet food industry invests in its own products
the u government s spends less on energy innovation than the pet food industry invests in its own products
the u s government spends less on energy innovation than the pet food industry invests in its own products 
For most black people in the history of this country it was illegal to pass as a white person. You were actually put in jail if you tried to pass.
obamacare medical codes confirm execution by decapitate to be implemented in america
be medical codes confirm execution by beheading to obamacare implemented in america
obamacare medical codes confirm execution by beheading to be implemented in america 
After Sandy Hook, Ted Cruz stopped Obamas push for new gun control laws.
Henry Kissinger "said that we should meet with Iran guess what without precondition."
minnick under to let the government fund abortion voted obamacare
minnick vote to let the government fund abortion under obamacare
minnick voted to let the government fund abortion under obamacare 
Says traffic fatalities have fallen dramatically, even as population has risen. You are more likely to stay alive biking, walking and driving around Portland than you were before he took over the Portland Bureau of Transportation.
Newgard owed more than $13,000 for unpaid taxes on his $1 million Milwaukie apartment complex.
"She hasn't run a corner store. She hasn't run a state. She hasn't run a city. She has never run anything."
care expanding medicaid as part of the health on law
on elaborate medicaid as part of the health care law
on expanding medicaid as part of the health care law
[O]ver 200,000 ordinary citizens were given the opportunity to identify projects they preferred.
spent florida alone more than billion a year is in on health care and criminal justice for illegal immigrants
in florida alone more than billion a year is spent on health care and felon justice for illegal immigrants
in florida alone more than billion a year is spent on health care and criminal justice for illegal immigrants 
"Ronald Reagan did amnesty."
Every child in Colorado who has been given medical marijuana for treatment for seizures has had diminished seizure activity.
as that under president barack up health care law your insurance premiums could go obamas by percent and cost as much says a new explorer
says that under president barack obamas health care law your insurance premiums could go up by pct and cost as much as a newfangled explorer
says that under president barack obamas health care law your insurance premiums could go up by percent and cost as much as a new explorer 
daraprim is still underpriced relation to its peers
daraprim is still to relative underpriced its peers
daraprim is still underpriced relative to its peers 
Says out of 588 school districts, we give 31 (former Abbott) districts 70 percent of the aid.
Since 2000, "the Texas clean air program achieved a 22 percent reduction in ozone and a 46 percent decrease in NOx emissions."
The presidents party always gets shellacked in midterms. Its only twice, 1934 and 2002, that the presidents party actually gained in both the House and the Senate.
Proposed fees for Rhode Island beaches will still be less than some of the town beaches.
Rick Scott vetoed funding for 30 Florida rape crisis centers. Scott said the centers werent needed.
when george bush became united of the president states he people were in poverty when million left million people were in poverty
when george bush became chairperson of the united united states department of state million people were in poverty when he left million people were in poverty
when george bush became president of the united states million people were in poverty when he left million people were in poverty 
There is a situation in this country where youre nearing 50 percent of people who dont even pay income taxes.
Since 2009, the Ohio Republican Party has made more contacts with voters nearly 6.6 million than any other GOP state organization in the nation.
Suntrust Bank cancels account because company sells guns.
Over the past five years, the American automobile industry has created about 500,000 new jobs.
proper now the congressional budget office says up to million people will lose their insurance as obamacare rifle into effect next year
right now the congressional budget office says up to obamacare year will lose their insurance as million goes into effect next people
right now the congressional budget office says up to million people will lose their insurance as obamacare goes into effect next year 
Says Cresent Hardy agreed with Mitt Romney about the 47 percent and said that people with disabilities are, and I quote him, a drain on society.
one of rggi reasons that budweiser stayed in new jersey is the money they got from the put to solar on their roof to save on their energy costs
one of the reasons that budweiser stayed in new new jersey is the money they got from rggi to put solar on their cap to save on their energy costs
one of the reasons that budweiser stayed in new jersey is the money they got from rggi to put solar on their roof to save on their energy costs 
obama said that republicans the since have had all the good ideas
obama said that since the republican have had all the good ideas
obama said that since the republicans have had all the good ideas 
The national debt of $16 trillion, is enough to buy both the Cleveland Indians and Cincinnati Reds 1,918 times.
Says Rick Santorum voted for the Bridge to Nowhere.
president barack obama billion spent paying ukrainians to riot and dismantle their democratically elected government
president barack obama spent billion paying ukrainians to riot and dismantle their democratically elect government
president barack obama spent billion paying ukrainians to riot and dismantle their democratically elected government 
The lieutenant governor has the power to be an economic ambassador and negotiate on economic development
Sheldon Whitehouses failure of leadership, the adding of almost $8 trillion in debt in his first full term, is shameful...
Says Ron Johnson likes to say there are too many lawyers in the Senate 57. Hed be the 70th millionaire.
David Perdue led efforts to ship thousands of jobs overseas.
At this point in 2012, Rick Perry was ahead at 29.9 percent, and we had seven more leads before it finally settled on Mitt Romney.
a hidden provision devices obamacare taxes sporting goods as medical in
a hidden preparation in obamacare taxes sporting goods as medical devices
a hidden provision in obamacare taxes sporting goods as medical devices 
the health care law could cost up to trillion double over what we were promised
the care health law could cost up to trillion double what we were promised
the health care law could cost up to trillion double what we were promised 
president dog obama is the trainer president to keep a barack first on retainer for a year at taxpayer expense
president barack obama is the first president to sustenance a dog trainer on retainer for a year at taxpayer write down
president barack obama is the first president to keep a dog trainer on retainer for a year at taxpayer expense 
Greg Abbott heads up a party whose platform calls for the repeal of the Voting Rights Act.
growth clackamas county measure will hurt our county cripple economic says and increase our taxes with excessive special elections
says clackamas county measure will hurt our county cripple economic growth and increase our taxes with excessive special election
says clackamas county measure will hurt our county cripple economic growth and increase our taxes with excessive special elections 
Theres actually 600 abortions done after the 20th week of pregnancy every year in Ohio.
Even hunters are restricted from using large capacity magazines: there is a five cartridge limit for large game hunting, and three for bird hunting.
Georgia ranks last in job growth.
The Iran nuclear deal is putting billions of dollars back into a country thats the worlds largest supporter of terrorism. We are actually giving them the money to fund the terrorists that are killing us and our allies.
When George Bush said we shouldnt investigate why the governments response to Hurricane Katrina was so incompetent, John McCain stood with him.
Women pay 48 percent more for health insurance.
who can you give thanks for rising prices at the pump o ba ma o ba ma
can who you thank for rising prices at the pump o ba ma o ba ma
who can you thank for rising prices at the pump o ba ma o ba ma 
weve already lost million in economic impact from hemoglobin fallout in north carolina
weve already from million in economic impact lost hb fallout in north carolina
weve already lost million in economic impact from hb fallout in north carolina 
The state of Georgia has lost 200,000 total jobs and 50,000 construction jobs since May 2007.
Says roughly two-thirds of (state) corporations didnt pay any income tax in Virginia.
Because of Barack Obama the mission in Iraq ended.
students cowboy the university of texas or austin have been advised not to wear cowboy boots in at hats on halloween
students at the university of texas in austin have been advised not to wear cowpoke boot or cowpoke hats on halloween
students at the university of texas in austin have been advised not to wear cowboy boots or cowboy hats on halloween 
the alone states stood united in the war in iraq
the united states stood alone in the war in al iraq
the united states stood alone in the war in iraq 
rob portman ideological radical shares views toward women
rob portman shares radical ideologic views toward women
rob portman shares radical ideological views toward women 
Says U.S. Sen. Ron Johnson voted to cut $700m from Medicare.
When Mitt Romney was governor, Massachusetts lost 40,000 manufacturing jobs, a rate twice the national average.
We would create thousands of jobs in Colorado, if the Keystone Pipeline were to be built.
more than americans lost their lives to climate change fueled consequence last year
americans than more lost their lives to climate change fueled events last year
more than americans lost their lives to climate change fueled events last year 
The death penalty is a deterrent that does affect and impact people.
says nurse is a registered she
says she is a registered nanny
says she is a registered nurse 
In 2013, the United States accepted 67 percent of the worlds refugees.
500,000 U.S. troops came home from Iraq and Afghanistan with PTSD and traumatic brain injury.
North Carolina Republican Senate candidate Thom Tillis would let insurance companies deny coverage for pre-existing conditions.
Says in Katrina, they approved $60 billion within 10 days of the storm on a voice vote.
Virginia is the No. 1 recipient of federal dollars.
A recent study of a proposed cap-and-trade policys effect on Wisconsin consumers showed it could raise gasoline prices by 141 percent and electricity rates by 171 percent by 2030.
Austin politicians want to cram more kids into classrooms so they dont have to make the tough decisions to balance the budget.
The violent crime rate in America is the same as it was in 1968, yet our prison system has grown by over 500 percent.
Says Russ Feingold voted to raise taxes on Social Security benefits for seniors, he even tried to give Social Security benefits to illegal immigrants.
every person on death kid was a foster row
every person on death row was a foster josh
every person on death row was a foster kid 
"Through competition as governor, I got agreements to build a nearly $40-billion natural gas pipeline."
Wisconsins technical college graduates have a higher employment rate and starting salaries than four-year college graduates nationwide.
the average federal employee makes a the year average private employee makes a year
the average federal employee makes a year the average individual employee makes a year
the average federal employee makes a year the average private employee makes a year 
science has not shown a gases to be greenhouse problem
skill has not shown greenhouse gases to be a problem
science has not shown greenhouse gases to be a problem 
portland spent nearly million in federal stimulus money to bike install path signs where they already existed
portland spent nearly million in federal stimulus money to install bike way signs where they already existed
portland spent nearly million in federal stimulus money to install bike path signs where they already existed 
If anyone should know irresponsible it should be Senator Buono. Shes the one, her budget left us with a $2 billion budget deficit in fiscal 10 that I had to fix. Her mistakes. And for fiscal year 2011 an $11 billion budget deficit. Her mistakes, along with her partner Jon Corzine.
If Question 1 were to pass here in Nevada, we would have more restrictive gun laws here in Nevada dealing with the transfer of firearms than they do in California.
The Bush administration has "the Pentagon trying to take away the signing bonuses when a soldier gets wounded and ends up in the hospital, something that I'm working with a Republican senator to try to make sure never can happen again."
Says Chris Christie has refused to fund pensions by billions of dollars, and got legislative approval to begin properly funding pensions in 2018.
In the Florida Republican primary, "we got a very large percentage of the, quote, conservative vote."
Says opponent Chad Chadwell wants condom techniques demonstrated to your children.
says that politifact ohio corroborate that betty sutton maxed out federal debt
says that confirms ohio politifact that betty sutton maxed out federal debt
says that politifact ohio confirms that betty sutton maxed out federal debt
the job of correctional officer lowers was life expectancy metropolitan i a study in did believe it was and the life expectancy your
the job of correctional officer lowers your life anticipation metropolitan did a field of study in i believe it was and the life anticipation was
the job of correctional officer lowers your life expectancy metropolitan did a study in i believe it was and the life expectancy was 
Torture is illegal by our laws. Its illegal by international laws.
Biden is "one of the least wealthy members of the U.S. Senate."
Says Hillary Clinton abided by the ethics agreement between the Clinton Foundation and the Obama administration.
Says the most dangerous time for children is from 3 to 6 p.m., during which time juvenile crime rates triple
state employees in wisconsin earn about percent less than if they solve in the private sector
state employees percent wisconsin earn about in less than if they worked in the private sector
state employees in wisconsin earn about percent less than if they worked in the private sector 
school in how many children in the history of the united states have died know a fire at you zero
you be intimate how many children in the history of the united states have died in a fire at educate zero
you know how many children in the history of the united states have died in a fire at school zero 
paul crush jr sides with sexual deviants to support sale of broun videos
paul broun jr sides with sexual deviants to support sale of smash videos
paul broun jr sides with sexual deviants to support sale of crush videos 
The DeWine campaign is receiving money from so many more people.(Cordrays) money is coming almost exclusively from the party, labor unions, and special counsel that he has given business to.
Nobody in total is proposing cutting anything. Were trying to reduce the rate of growth in government.
Sen. Harry Reid voted against declaring English our national language, twice.
following the ruinous cascading collapse of major investment banks on rampart street in nobody was prosecuted no hearings were held and no reforms were implemented
following the catastrophic cascading in of major investment banks on wall street collapse nobody was prosecuted no hearings held were and no reforms were implemented
following the catastrophic cascading collapse of major investment banks on wall street in nobody was prosecuted no hearings were held and no reforms were implemented 
Says we have now more Border Patrol officers than weve had at any time in our history.
40% of Americans know someone who has been killed by a gun.
the number of americans full who means tested government benefits welfare now outnumbers those who are year round receive time workers
the number of americans who receive means tested government benefits welfare now outnumbers those who are year circular full metre workers
the number of americans who receive means tested government benefits welfare now outnumbers those who are year round full time workers 
Says Patrick Murphy has taken more money from Wall Street than any other member of Congress other than the speaker and the majority leader.
Says he will protect your guaranteed benefits in Medicare while Mitt Romney would take away Medicare as guaranteed benefits.
The [Georgia] General Assembly took away the Atlanta Board of Educations oversight of the superintendent.
We caught (the Texas Commission on Environmental Quality) lying to us about the results of air quality studies in the Barnett Shale.
Over the past eight years, black youth unemployment is up.
obama biden their and liberal allies oppose clean coal
obama biden and their free allies oppose clean coal
obama biden and their liberal allies oppose clean coal 
There have been 74 school shootings in America since Sandy Hook.
For each $1 billion in infrastructure investment, 42,000 jobs are created.
cost george norcross said the takeover of rutger camden will says new jer ey billion
says george v norcross said the takeover of rutger camden will cost new jer ey billion
says george norcross said the takeover of rutger camden will cost new jer ey billion 
says he cant release his internal involvement record because there are attorney general guidelines in place protecting it
says he cant release his internal affairs record because attorney are there general guidelines in place protecting it
says he cant release his internal affairs record because there are attorney general guidelines in place protecting it 
David Cicilline was required to provide key information about city finances to an independent outside auditor. The deadlines were clear -- yet [he intentionally] missed them by months until after the November 2010 election.
the florida house is holding the final public hearing of a controversial when bill in the middle of they break education spring hope teachers are not watching or listening
the florida house is obtain the final public hearing of a controversial education bill in the middle of spring break off when they hope teachers are not watching or listening
the florida house is holding the final public hearing of a controversial education bill in the middle of spring break when they hope teachers are not watching or listening 
Weare picking up oil with shovels and paper and plastic bags.
the milwaukee county bus system has among the highest nation in the fares
the milwaukee county bus topology system has among the highest fares in the nation
the milwaukee county bus system has among the highest fares in the nation 
President Obama has raised taxes 19 times.
says gram used taxpayer dollars to prop up operations in china
china gm used taxpayer dollars to prop up operations in says
says gm used taxpayer dollars to prop up operations in china 
Banks paid Hillary Clinton over $1 million and are contributing millions more to elect her.
"We spent $3-million of your money to study the DNA of bears."
One out of two Americans are living either in or near poverty. That means 150 million Americans, half of us.
Limberbutt McCubbins (a five-year-old cat) is a candidate in the 2016 presidential election.
Says Jonathan Gruber was some adviser who never worked on our staff.
Jennifer Carroll is the first African-American Republican woman to be part of a statewide ticket in Florida.
Georgia has more than 700 law enforcement agencies, and fewer than 20 percent of them are state-certified.
says dan sullivan offenderwho a light sentence for a sex got approved out of prison andis now charged with a gruesome murder and sexual assault
says dan sullivan approved a light condemn for a arouse offenderwho got out of prison andis now charged with a gruesome murder and sexual assault
says dan sullivan approved a light sentence for a sex offenderwho got out of prison andis now charged with a gruesome murder and sexual assault 
One third of our age group (Millennials) have moved back in with their parents.
Because of the current immigration crisis, Republicans want to repeal a 2008law that President George W. Bush signed and want to be on record as not wanting to protect children from ...sex trafficking.
It has been the law since the beginning of the country that the children of American citizens born ... abroad are American citizens by birth.
Owen in MA vs. Owen in RI Advantage:Rhode Island.
In 1960, most black children were raised in two-parent, monogamous families. Today we have only 20 percent of black children being raised in two-parent, monogamous families...
If youre a wealthy CEO or a hedge fund manager in America right now, your taxes are lower than theyve been since the 1950s.
college are who students not u home citizens and who get the pell grant plan to return to their s countries after getting free gas cards and child care
college students who are not u s citizens and who get the pell grant plan to return to their home countries after getting free gas menu and nestling care
college students who are not u s citizens and who get the pell grant plan to return to their home countries after getting free gas cards and child care 
donald trumps been completely uniform about his plan for nonviolent undocumented immigrants
donald trumps been completely consistent about his plan for nonviolent immigrants undocumented
donald trumps been completely consistent about his plan for nonviolent undocumented immigrants 
"Barack Obama has the longest track record of any candidate in this election in support of the 'Bridge To Nowhere.' "
says a sanders campaign advertizement never said a newspaper endorsed us that did not
says a sanders campaign ad never said a newspaper that us endorsed did not
says a sanders campaign ad never said a newspaper endorsed us that did not 
obama will charge a percent tax on all home gross sales
obama will on a percent tax charge all home sales
obama will charge a percent tax on all home sales 
A Koch brothers group is going to college campuses, giving away free booze to try to bribe young folks out of getting health insurance.
Said he won the Democratic primary without one ... negative TV spot.
About 95 percent of (Ohios) electricity comes from burning coal.
says over the go two years new jersey schools development authority employee have not started or completed one single school project and im not talking about major school refurbishment im talking about replacing boilers roofs
says over boilers or and years new jersey schools development authority employees have not started last completed one single school project two im not talking about major school renovation im talking about replacing the roofs
says over the last two years new jersey schools development authority employees have not started or completed one single school project and im not talking about major school renovation im talking about replacing boilers roofs 
says tammy baldwin voted to for medicare gut seniors
says tammy baldwin voted to bowel medicare for seniors
says tammy baldwin voted to gut medicare for seniors 
the stand your ground lawcaused the shooting death of trayvon steve martin
the stand martin ground lawcaused the shooting death of trayvon your
the stand your ground lawcaused the shooting death of trayvon martin 
In Georgia, Perdues company closed plants and moved jobs to China.
Says Republican Reid Ribble says stimulus bill failed to jumpstart the economy, but his roofing company made almost $300,000 off stimulus funded projects.
under a proposed bill a homes flood tide insurance premium would be maybe or annually
under a proposed a bill homes flood insurance premium would be maybe or annually
under a proposed bill a homes flood insurance premium would be maybe or annually 
Social Security has never contributed one cent to the deficit. Not one cent.
Obamacare takes $500 billion out of Medicare and funds Obamacare.
The state that has the highest per capita number of guns that end up committing crimes in New York come from Vermont.
Over the last 10 years, incomes for the top 1 percent have grown. Meanwhile, the bottom half of the country, theyve seen their wages stagnate.
I think with the exception of the last year or maybe the last two years, we were at 100 percent when it came to contributing to the Providence pension fund.
almost all of the polls that have come out suggest that i am a much stronger candidate against the republican river than is hillary dewitt clinton
almost a hillary the polls that have come out suggest that i am all much stronger candidate against the republicans than is of clinton
almost all of the polls that have come out suggest that i am a much stronger candidate against the republicans than is hillary clinton 
The Obama administration is allowing state waivers from welfare work requirements only if they had a credible plan to increase employment by 20 percent.
All but one of the 50 states already have some form of a balanced budget amendment in their state constitutions.
the u deficit s increases at million per second
the u s deficit increases at million per s
the u s deficit increases at million per second 
President Barack Obamas judicial appointments for Georgia and the region were drafted in secret and not vetted by legal groups among the presidents supporters.
"I have not changed my position on the (gay) marriage amendment or anything else related to marriage."
McCain and Bush are millionaires who are "for tax cuts for millionaires."
the affordable care act says that at age when the most need are most you you not eligible for cancer treatment cancer hospital will ration care according to it patients age
the affordable care act says that at eld when you most need it most you are not eligible for cancer treatment cancer infirmary will ration care according to the patient role eld
the affordable care act says that at age when you most need it most you are not eligible for cancer treatment cancer hospital will ration care according to the patients age 
the human rights campaign is than powerful more the nra
the human being rights campaign is more powerful than the nra
the human rights campaign is more powerful than the nra 
About 85 percent of hotel guests who will pay the new $5 hotel/motel fee will be from outside Georgia.
We spend more per student than almost any other major country in the world.
says the hospital listed on barack obamas just publicized long mold birth certificate denies the president was born there
says the hospital listed on barack obamas just the long form birth certificate denies publicized president was born there
says the hospital listed on barack obamas just publicized long form birth certificate denies the president was born there 
hillary for one time late at night when she was exhausted misstated it immediately apologized clinton and what happened to her in bosnia in
hillary clinton i time late at night when she was exhausted misstated and now apologized for it what happened to her in bosnia in
hillary clinton one time late at night when she was exhausted misstated and immediately apologized for it what happened to her in bosnia in 
"We now actually import more oil than we did before 9/11."
If you look at Latino kids between 17 and 20 who graduated high school, 36 percent of them are unemployed or underemployed. African-American kids are unemployed or underemployed to the tune of 51 percent.
says gov rick perry is by alir and away the highest paid state employee on an hourly basis
says gov rick by is perry far and away the highest paid state employee on an hourly basis
says gov rick perry is by far and away the highest paid state employee on an hourly basis 
says the hawaii island governor cant find anything that says president barack obama was born in hawaii island
says the hawaii governor cant find barack that says president anything obama was born in hawaii
says the hawaii governor cant find anything that says president barack obama was born in hawaii 
under president ronald reagan illegal immigrant were not pouring in likethey are now
not president ronald reagan illegal immigrants were under pouring in likethey are now
under president ronald reagan illegal immigrants were not pouring in likethey are now 
House Democrats have a two-to-one advantage money-wise against House Republicans.
Georgia can substantially increase its funding for education by going after $2.5 billion in uncollected taxes.
Most people in New Hampshire want to raise the minimum wage. (State Rep. Marilinda) Garcia opposes it.
says nearly federal employees in beaver state were furloughed during the government shutdown
says nearly federal employees in oregon shutdown furloughed during the government were
says nearly federal employees in oregon were furloughed during the government shutdown 
After Fahrenheit 9/11 came out, "Bush's approval rating never was better, it only got worse."
"We are making the largest investment in education in our nations history."
No city in the state, no state in this nation, for that matter the entire world, has adopted (clean energy) targets more ambitious in scale.
in the last two years we have reduced the shortage by trillion
trillion the last two years we have reduced the deficit by in
in the last two years we have reduced the deficit by trillion 
The prosecutor who brought the indictment of Texas Gov. Rick Perryhas ties to Obama. He has ties to the Democrats.
Hurricane Irene was the second-largest storm to hit North America in terms of power outages -- and the first hurricane to make landfall in New Jersey since 1904.
"Sen. Obama's chair in New Hampshire is a lobbyist. He lobbies for the drug companies."
Says, Oregon has the third largest class size in the nation.
U.S. Senate candidate David Perdues company took $3 million from the federal stimulus program that President Barack Obama created.
tuition opponent supported policies that increased my by percent
my antagonist supported policies that increased tuition by percent
my opponent supported policies that increased tuition by percent 
"I was fighting against those (Republican) ideas when you were practicing law and representing your contributor, Rezko, in his slum landlord business in inner city Chicago."
A cap-and-trade plan promoted by Barack Obama would hit hardest those already struggling to make ends meet.
says bill nelson times to raise our taxes voted
says bill nelson voted to raise our revenue enhancement times
says bill nelson voted to raise our taxes times 
America produces more oil and gas than any other nation in the world.
Many of the alarmists on global warming, theyve got a problem because the science doesnt back them up. In particular, satellite data demonstrate for the last 17 years, theres been zero warming.
She is the only candidate who has stood by our community and immigration reform from the beginning.
There is an increasing amount of evidence from public polling that the highest number of Americans ever identify themselves as pro-life.
says bill white gay for is marriage
says bill white is for cheery marriage
says bill white is for gay marriage 
Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton have left us with $19 trillion in debt.
Says the EPA "outsourced the scientific basis for its greenhouse gas regulation to a scandal-plagued international organization that cannot be considered objective or trustworthy."
Recent record-low water levels in Lake Michigan are evidence that global warming is leading to the evaporation of our Great Lakes.
Says Gov. Scott Walker has dropped Wisconsin to 45th in the nation in job growth prospects while campaigning for president out of state.
The Senate health care bill is longer than Tolstoy's 'War and Peace.'
In a watershed 1958 decision, the Warren court asserted by itself that the Supreme Court was supreme over the president and the Congress.
Half the lottery directors across the country had not run a lottery before they were hired.
"Americans who get their insurance through the workplace, cost savings could be as much as $3,000 less per employee than if we do nothing."
the georgia lottery corp has only once in the past years paid out the agreed upon pct of move to the account which funds the hope scholarship
the georgia lottery corp has only once in the account years paid out the percent upon agreed of proceeds to the past which funds the hope scholarship
the georgia lottery corp has only once in the past years paid out the agreed upon percent of proceeds to the account which funds the hope scholarship 
Says the foreman of the jury that convicted him was a Greenpeace activist.
On a single-payer health care system.
says that in exxonmobil paid no federal income taxes encounter a million rebate
says that in exxonmobil paid no a income taxes received federal million rebate
says that in exxonmobil paid no federal income taxes received a million rebate 
a year state program that create jobs at a cost of per job was okay by former gov jim doyle
a of state program that created jobs at a was year per job cost approved by former gov jim doyle
a year state program that created jobs at a cost of per job was approved by former gov jim doyle 
gop presidential hopeful ignorant cain called ron pauls followers herman
gop presidential hopeful herman cain predict ron pauls followers ignorant
gop presidential hopeful herman cain called ron pauls followers ignorant 
ralph hall has never to voted raise the debt ceiling
ralph hall has neer voted to raise the debt ceiling
ralph hall has never voted to raise the debt ceiling 
Says Donald Trump won more counties than any candidate on our side since Ronald Reagan.
Says that to drive the length of the newly drawn 15th District youd find yourself on the road as long as it would take to drive from Columbus to Niagara Falls.
There is not a single candidate in the Republican primary that thinks we should do anything about climate change.
says claims the that texas faces a billion shortfall are flat out false
says the claims that texas faces a jillion shortfall are flat out false
says the claims that texas faces a billion shortfall are flat out false 
Since January 2010, New Jersey has added 103,000 new private sector jobs. The last two years -- 2011 and 2012 -- have been the best two years of private sector job growth since 1999.
"Congress can tell [the Supreme Court] which cases they ought to hear. We have that authority."
Says Donald Trump has given more money to Democratic candidates than Republican candidates.
Says Mitt Romney wants to add $2 trillion to defense budget that the military hasnt asked for.
If the legislature refuses to expand Medicaid, 27 states are going to get our money Virginia taxpayer money into their states to provide health care for their citizens, paid for by us.
The Trans-Pacific trade deal could cost America 448,000 more jobs.
barack obama is the first president to file lawsuits against the states oath swore an he to protect
barack obama is the first president to file lawsuits against the states he assert an oath to protect
barack obama is the first president to file lawsuits against the states he swore an oath to protect 
More than 70 percent of American adults have committed a crime that could lead to imprisonment.
says ohio attorney general mike dewine is hypocritical for challenging the constitutionality of new the health care law
says ohio attorney general microphone dewine is hypocritical for challenging the constitutionality of the new health care law
says ohio attorney general mike dewine is hypocritical for challenging the constitutionality of the new health care law 
A study says Massachusetts has lost 18,000 jobs because residents were required to obtain health insurance under an act signed into law by Mitt Romney.
Attorney General Roy Cooper refuses to do his job by not defending House Bill 2 in a lawsuit.
Says Georgia Democratic Senate hopeful Michelle Nunn supports higher taxes.
A year since the Recovery Summer, there has been been a fall, winter and spring of no recovery.
gov deal has the the record on education in worst history of this state
gov deal has the worst disc on education in the history of this state
gov deal has the worst record on education in the history of this state 
the american language murder rate is times that of any other developed nation
the american murder rate nation times that of any other developed is
the american murder rate is times that of any other developed nation 
says in the state of the union speech president obama didnt even mention the deficit or debt
says in the state of the union the president obama didnt even mention address deficit or debt
says in the state of the union address president obama didnt even mention the deficit or debt 
As a former federal prosecutor, I prosecuted over 4,000 cases.
Says Rep. Tom Reed, R-N.Y., voted to raise the Social Security retirement age on us.
Ive supported every investigation (into Hurricane Katrina) and ways of finding out how what caused the tragedy. Ive met with people on the ground. Ive met with the governor.
Their New York casino deal was called rigged and corrupt.
Says there have been 50 million abortions since Roe v. Wade was decided.
Late changes to the Arizona immigration law "lay to rest questions over the possibility of racial profiling."
Says 13 Texas universities have announced or implemented a $10,000 degree.
Says an illegal immigrant fraudulently claimed children who actually lived in Mexico on income tax forms to collect more than $29,000.
the state board of administration transparency issue got a airing great the last legislative session
the state board of administration transparency issue got a great airing the live on legislative session
the state board of administration transparency issue got a great airing the last legislative session 
of doctor have considered leaving the profession because of obamacare
of doctors have considered leaving the obamacare because of profession
of doctors have considered leaving the profession because of obamacare 
Says Scott Walkers jobs agency gives financial incentives that lead Wisconsin companies to look at shipping jobs elsewhere. ... A company got $4.6 million in taxpayer money and actually reduced its jobs by 300 people.
Says that in 2001, Rick Perry spoke favorably of binational health insurance between Mexico and Texas.
Says President Abraham Lincoln enforced the Fugitive Slave Act until the Civil War ended.
says his parents came to usa following fidel castros takeover of cuba
says his parents takeover to america following fidel castros came of cuba
says his parents came to america following fidel castros takeover of cuba 
Our trade deficit in goods reached nearly $800 billion last year alone.
The Democrats' health care bills would end "the denial of ... coverage to those who have a pre-existing condition," while the Republican bill would not.
Says Ohios economic recovery started in February 2010.
gov scott walker is helping pay for the criminal defense department of a man accused of boy rape
gov scott walker is a pay for the criminal defense of helping man accused of boy rape
gov scott walker is helping pay for the criminal defense of a man accused of boy rape 
Barack Obama "pays for every dime" of his spending plans.
tell there were multiple instances of voter fraud in wood county ohio
county there were multiple instances of voter fraud in wood says ohio
says there were multiple instances of voter fraud in wood county ohio 
Says Canada has one-tenth of our populationyet it issues far more high-skilled visas (more than 150,000) yearly than we do (65,000).
Says a group estimates that the annual cost to Oregon taxpayers for government services to illegal aliens, after any income tax revenue from them, is $1 billion.
Says for the first time ever, Texas lawmakers are not funding student population growth.
leticia van de putte voted to give illegal immigrant in this nation free health care not emergency health care but total free health care
health van de putte voted to leticia illegal immigrants in this country free health care not emergency give care but total free health care
leticia van de putte voted to give illegal immigrants in this country free health care not emergency health care but total free health care 
Since sequester began federal employment has been subtracting 6,000-7,000 jobs per month
Says no Austin City Council member lives south of Lady Bird Lake or north of 45th Street.
Ohio taxpayers spent more than $67 million for the year on food stamps and Medicaid for Wal-Mart workers
One out of every five law enforcement officers thats killed is killed with an assault weapon.
mitt romney did not run his campaign on the basis of controversy his experience in the business world was a argue to vote for him
mitt romney the not run his campaign on the vote of arguing his experience in did business world was a reason to basis for him
mitt romney did not run his campaign on the basis of arguing his experience in the business world was a reason to vote for him 
says politifact issued a reliable ruling on paul krugman calling governor christie a fiscal phony
says politifact issued a true ruling a paul krugman calling governor christie on fiscal phony
says politifact issued a true ruling on paul krugman calling governor christie a fiscal phony 
Alexi Giannoulias top aide was a longtime BP lobbyist.
The streetcar project proposed for downtown Milwaukee would actually take precious revenue away from the Milwaukee Public Schools.
Federal spending is the highest its been as a share of our economy in 60 years (and) revenue is the lowest its been as a share of our economy in 60 years.
Last year -- actually, this year in May -- we saw New Jersey Transit fares rise anywhere from 25 percent to 47 percent.
Says excessive speculation is pushing up oil prices and a recent report estimates it adds 56 cents to every gallon of gasoline siphoned from the pump.
Weve got four Supreme Court justices who signed their name to a declaration that Americans have no fundamental right to self-defense.
say wisconsin gov scott alice walker has threatened to call out the national guard if workers protest against changes to bargaining laws
says wisconsin gov scott walker guard threatened to call out the national has if against protest workers changes to bargaining laws
says wisconsin gov scott walker has threatened to call out the national guard if workers protest against changes to bargaining laws 
under our budget the mean wisconsin property taxpayer will save
under our budget property average wisconsin the taxpayer will save
under our budget the average wisconsin property taxpayer will save 
Al-Qaida has grown fourfold in five years.
the salaries of wisconsins best educated teachers school public were slashed a gov scott walker through by recent administrative rule change
the salaries of wisconsins best educated populace school teachers were slashed by gov scott john walker through a recent administrative rule change
the salaries of wisconsins best educated public school teachers were slashed by gov scott walker through a recent administrative rule change 
in stimulus has million the there to protect mice in san francisco
the stimulus has million in there to protect computer mouse in san francisco
the stimulus has million in there to protect mice in san francisco 
cnns crap polling is so bad that it shows that no one under the age of has an judgment of hillary bill clinton
cnns crap polling is so bad that that shows opinion no one under the age of has an it of hillary clinton
cnns crap polling is so bad that it shows that no one under the age of has an opinion of hillary clinton 
our up are going numbers at the airport
our numbers are going up at the aerodrome
our numbers are going up at the airport 
When you compare our state pension system to other systems throughout the country, our benefits are not gold-plated. They are not rich. They are actually average or below average.
Texas would have to increase current state spending by 28 percent just to reach the national average for spending per resident.
speaker pelosi has been in use sticking the taxpayer with her bar tab for alcohol on the military k that shes flying
speaker taxpayer has been busy sticking the her with pelosi bar tab for alcohol on the military jets that shes flying
speaker pelosi has been busy sticking the taxpayer with her bar tab for alcohol on the military jets that shes flying 
Says Studies show the average age of entry into prostitution is 12 to 14 years old.
the obama health and human table service department is planning to compile a federal health record on all u s citizens by including each individuals torso mass index
the record health and human services department federal planning to compile a is health obama on all u s citizens by including each individuals body mass index
the obama health and human services department is planning to compile a federal health record on all u s citizens by including each individuals body mass index 
Says that the state spends more money on tax giveaways than it receives in tax collection.
Thirty-four of the last 44 (debt ceiling increases) have been for less than a year. So, this notion that short-term is somehow the exception, its actually the rule.
martin luther a jr was king republican
martin luther king jr was a republican river
martin luther king jr was a republican 
We have one charter school that for seven years has been rated unacceptable.
Says he first unveiled his new legislative agenda in Wisconsin, not in California as critics complain
There are over 100 pipelines between the United States and Canada right now.
The Senate-passed health care bill "is identical to the Massachusetts health care plan -- the same thing."
The Government Accountability Office estimated (Obamacare) will add to the long-term deficit by $6.2 trillion.
Nearly 60 percent of women who use birth control do so for more than just family planning.
In 1950, the average American lived for 68 years and 16 workers supported one retiree. Today, the average life expectancy is 78 and three workers support one retiree.
Under Gov. Scott Walker, unemployment is increasing in Wisconsin at twice the rate it is nationally.
in mexico they dont have birth credentials they dont have registration cards for voters they have one national id
in voters they dont have birth certificates they dont have registration cards for mexico they have one national id
in mexico they dont have birth certificates they dont have registration cards for voters they have one national id 
Deficit spending exploded during the Obama administration to $5.3 trillion over four years, compared to $2 trillion in eight years under President George W. Bush.
As governor, Ted Strickland left only 89 cents in Ohios rainy day fund.
under president george vi w bush the national debt went from trillion to trillion
under george president w bush the national debt went from trillion to trillion
under president george w bush the national debt went from trillion to trillion 
The U.S. "only ranks 25th worldwide on defense spending as a percentage of GDP."
Under Gov. Scott Walker, employer confidence now stands at 95 percent, compared to only 10 percent at the end of the Gov. Jim Doyle-Mary Burke administration.
we have in lowest beer tax the the nation
we have the lowly beer tax in the nation
we have the lowest beer tax in the nation 
John Boehner said the jobs of teachers and nurses and police officers and firefighters are government jobs that werent worth saving.
[E]xcise tax increases drive commerce across state lines.
obamas ten point plan to change the second amendmentban utilization of firearms for home defense
obamas ten the plan to change point second amendmentban use of firearms for home defense
obamas ten point plan to change the second amendmentban use of firearms for home defense 
"If we manufactured 5-million of these 2.5-meg windmills across the country, we could electrify the entire nation the entire nation."
Says Tennessee has some of the lowest beer excise tax rates in the country.
Buying the naming rights to the new Falcons stadium is the largest marketing deal in Mercedes-Benz history.
For the first time in over a decade, business leaders around the world have declared that China is no longer the worlds No. 1 place to invest; America is.
His proposed budget would "cut our deficit in half by the end of my first term."
As governor, [Mitt Romney] balanced the budget without raising taxes and created jobs.
(Obamacare) is a bill which has never once had a majority of Americans favor it.
97 percent of the 100 poorest counties in America are in red states.
Despite the passage of HB2, towns, cities and counties in North Carolina are still allowed to set stricter non-discrimination policies for their own employees if they choose.
When we got the income tax in 1913, the top rate was 7 percent. By 1980, the top rate was 70 percent.
cnn did a poll latterly where obama and i are statistically tied
cnn did a poll recently tied obama and i are statistically where
cnn did a poll recently where obama and i are statistically tied 
NASCAR fans are twice as likely as non fans to serve in the military and 37 percent of active servicemembers and veterans are NASCAR fans.
Says President Dwight Eisenhower moved 1.5 million illegal immigrants out of this country.
By the time I finish this speech, two Americans will be slain, six women will be raped, 27 of us will be robbed, and 50 more will be beaten.
rough cut core is being used by the obama giving medication to turn the department of education into what is effectively a national school board
common of is being used by the obama administration to turn the national core education into what is effectively a department school board
common core is being used by the obama administration to turn the department of education into what is effectively a national school board 
For immigrants with visa overstays, we make no effort to hold them accountable to that or uphold the law.
[Appalachian Power] wants another 10 percent rate increase. The compensation package for CEO Mike Morris rose 22 percent to $8.7 million in 2010.
By the time(Mitt Romney)left office, Massachusetts was 47th in the nation in job creation.
In states where the federal government helps run these (health care) marketplaces, the average American will have more than 50 different plans to choose from, with different levels of coverage.
Florida unemployment has dropped more than 2 percentage points, down from 12 percent to 9.9 percent, the second-largest drop in the nation.
the consumer financial protection bureau passed a rule giving the agency unprecedented powerfulness to shut down businesses no matter what the reason at any time it compliments
the consumer financial protection unprecedented passed a down giving the agency bureau power to shut rule businesses no matter what the reason at any time it wishes
the consumer financial protection bureau passed a rule giving the agency unprecedented power to shut down businesses no matter what the reason at any time it wishes 
DNC chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz denied unemployment went up under Obama.
McCain, "voted against renewable sources of energy, against biofuels, against solar power, against wind power.... "
Says Connie Mack IV has been a promoter for Hooters with a history of bar room brawling, altercations and road rage.
"I'm the first person who really took up the issue of the war. Four years ago I said that there was no proof that Iraq had weapons of mass destruction, and, actually... did an analysis which disproved the cause for the war."
Our recent state budgets have far exceeded population and inflation growth.
The vast majority of our international commitments take effect without congressional approval.
Says the federal stimulus program was ineffective because the number of jobs has actually decreased by 18,300 through July 2011.
the united states regulations are among the world difficult in the most
the united states regularization are among the most difficult in the world
the united states regulations are among the most difficult in the world 
Says Sherrod Brown voted for the $1.17 trillion health care law that adds a new tax on Ohio manufacturers.
Sen. McConnell offered a fully paid two-month extension of unemployment insurance.
"The video doesn't show the broader picture of the firing that was going on at American troops."
under obamacare percent of small businesses now say they are going to be pressure to either send away workers or cut their hours
under obamacare percent of small businesses now say they are going to hours forced to either fire workers their cut or be
under obamacare percent of small businesses now say they are going to be forced to either fire workers or cut their hours 
When Peppers tax was finally voted down, Pepper laid off cops and closed jails and let criminals run free in the streets.
''Both Democrats and Republicans are advocating for the use of student test scores to measure teacher effectiveness.''
We borrow a million dollars every minute.
There are over 700,000 Americans on some watch list or another that would all be captured in a Democratic amendment intended to stop suspected terrorists from buying guns.
The (Ohio) economy is on the mend. It is in better shape than it was when we took office.
The Republican presidential nominee hasnt won women since 1988.
Says Michelle Nunn has acknowledged allowing a convicted felon to hold a fundraiser for her.
A national poll found that among people who oppose the Democratic health care reform bill, "almost 40 percent" opposed it not because it goes too far, but because "they dont think it goes far enough. ... They will not be unhappy when we pass health care reform."
Stimulus dollars paid for windmills from China.
The Libyan people have voted twice in free and fair elections for the kind of leadership they want.
In the Georgia-Russia conflict, we flew a brigade of Georgian soldiers from Iran to Georgia and sent U.S. ships into the Black Sea and provided various kinds of supplies.
"He's leading by example, refusing contributions from PACs and Washington lobbyists."
Says John Bolton supported the Iraq War and said last year thatI still think the decision to overthrow Saddam was correct.
signs letter saying consumer intersection safety commission is acting without reference or input from the company to stop the sale of buckyballs
signs consultation saying consumer product safety commission company acting without letter or input from the is to stop the sale of buckyballs
signs letter saying consumer product safety commission is acting without consultation or input from the company to stop the sale of buckyballs 
on receiving campaign donation from out of state donors
on contributions campaign receiving from out of state donors
on receiving campaign contributions from out of state donors
the democrats health care reform law of nature is agovernment takeover of health care
the democrats health care takeover law is agovernment reform of health care
the democrats health care reform law is agovernment takeover of health care 
says he helped lead thatll outside audit an save milwaukee county taxpayers over million
says he helped lead an remote audit thatll save milwaukee county taxpayers over million
says he helped lead an outside audit thatll save milwaukee county taxpayers over million 
Just like Donald Trump, David Jolly wants to outlaw a womans right to choose.
Speaker Gingrich has said that we ought to get rid of our child labor laws.
Women account for 92.3 percent of the jobs lost under Obama.
Says Hillary Clinton and the Democrats admitted theres one candidate who scares Hillary Clinton, and thats Sen. Marco Rubio.
Texas had the worst voter participation in the country in the November 2014 elections.
Its typical for a presidential candidate to release 10 or 11 years of tax returns.
Says Texas school systems lose 45 days a year on testing.
obama nominee dawn servitude called motherhood involuntary johnsen
obama nominee fall into place johnsen called motherhood involuntary servitude
obama nominee dawn johnsen called motherhood involuntary servitude 
New Jerseys once-broken pension system is now solvent.
page aborted the grandchildren care bill will establish school based health clinics your children will be indoctrinated and your health may be of
page of the health care bill will establish school free base health clinics your shaver will be indoctrinated and your grandchildren may be aborted
page of the health care bill will establish school based health clinics your children will be indoctrinated and your grandchildren may be aborted 
During three and a half years of campaigning, Lamar Smith has never once appeared at a moderated debate to defend his positions on the issues.
says president barack obama got a pass over controversalremarks byrev jeremiah wright while house year old a by a majority whip steve scalise hasblown up into speech national story
says president barack obama capture a pass over controversalremarks byrev jeremiah wright while a year honest to goodness speech by house majority whip steve scalise hasblown up into a national story
says president barack obama got a pass over controversalremarks byrev jeremiah wright while a year old speech by house majority whip steve scalise hasblown up into a national story 
Only 536 Georgians are signed up for Obamacare while 400,000 in the state lost their health insurance.
says the jurisdictions with the strictest gun control laws almost without exception have the gamy offence rates and the gamy murder rates
have the jurisdictions with the strictest rates control laws almost without exception says the highest crime gun and the highest murder rates
says the jurisdictions with the strictest gun control laws almost without exception have the highest crime rates and the highest murder rates 
Under Obamacare, when you turn Medicaid over to the states ... the money will be available up front for the expansion for a few years. Then, the money will go away.
Says Republican lieutenants to House Speaker Joe Straus aired radio ads supporting Democrat(ic state Rep.) Mark Homer... helping the Democrat to a narrow win.
mandate u s rep tom price is sending letters both supporting opposing and the small business killing internet tax says
says u s rep tom price is sending letters both support and opposing the small business putting to death internet tax mandate
says u s rep tom price is sending letters both supporting and opposing the small business killing internet tax mandate 
Four million women have fallen into poverty in the last six years.
There is over 20 times more energy in a proposed Southside uranium mining site than there is in all the oil thats estimated to be off Virginias coast
Candidates for governor routinely disclose their spouses tax returns.
There have been more terrorist attacks on U.S. soil by ... Muslims in Obamas first 18 months in office than in the six years under Bush after he invaded Iraq.
Obamas 2012 policy on younger immigrants created these children coming across the border.
Says Marco Rubio has a 98 percent voting record with the Koch brothers.
comply dont have to unions with obamacare
unions dont have to follow with obamacare
unions dont have to comply with obamacare 
Roughly 700 Georgians die needlessly each year because they are too far from a trauma center.
If Obama's economic plan creates 600,000 new government jobs, "that's about the size of the post office work force."
despite the administration telling acknowledge health care reform was going to reduce health care costs they now us its going to dramatically increase costs care health
despite the administration telling us health care rectify was function to reduce health care costs they now acknowledge its function to dramatically increase health care costs
despite the administration telling us health care reform was going to reduce health care costs they now acknowledge its going to dramatically increase health care costs 
md is creating jobs at times the rate that virginia is
maryland is creating jobs at times the rate that virginia is
maryland is creating jobs at times the rate that virginia is 
(Hillary Clintons State Department) actually admonished one of her ambassadors because he wasnt using the proper server.
Says Hillary Clinton has been saying lately that she thinks that I am, not qualifiedto be president.
Eric Cantor took $5 million from Sheldon Adelson, a Las Vegas casino owner.
Literally, by the time a child is 18 years of age, theyve killed over 100,000 people in video games and other online things.
Bill McCollum voted for higher taxes and fees 42 times while he was in Congress.
Says Sen. Kay Hagan has missed half of the (Senate Armed Services) Committees hearings in 2014.
sheldon whitehouse got a secret closed door briefing exemplary of the economic crash
warning whitehouse got a secret closed door briefing sheldon of the economic crash
sheldon whitehouse got a secret closed door briefing warning of the economic crash 
Says the federal government is supporting a study in Hawaii to develop a menu for when we colonize Mars.
And by the way, when I was governor, I did make the payment into the pension fund.
obamacare enrollment lie obama counts an enrollee as a web user putting a plan in their online shopping haul
obamacare enrollment lie obama counts an enrollee putting a web user as a plan in their online shopping carts
obamacare enrollment lie obama counts an enrollee as a web user putting a plan in their online shopping carts 
While the government grew, we lost more than 2 million jobs.
Obamacare is costing 2 million jobs.
liberals have figured algorithm a facebook out and all the people getting banned from facebook are somehow conservatives
liberals have figured out a facebook algorithm and all the people getting banned from facebook are somehow conservative
liberals have figured out a facebook algorithm and all the people getting banned from facebook are somehow conservatives 
The states overall revenues only returned this year to 2007 levels.
President Barack Obama attended an Islamic madrassa.
2014 midterm election spending by the left and the right are both equal.
The expiration of the Bush-era tax cuts ... would be the biggest tax increase in the history of the country, about $4.6 trillion over 10 years.
Violent crime is up since the last year of Sharpe James administration. This year its higher. The unemployment rate is almost 15 percent. The high school dropout rate is over 50 percent.
i have voted every year in badger state
i have voted in year every wisconsin
i have voted every year in wisconsin 
Were spending tremendous amounts of money to educate our kids. In the world, were No. 1 per pupil by a factor of four.
Obama has admitted a cap and trade plan would cause electricity bills to skyrocket.
says toilet cornyn dodged the draft during the vietnam war
during john cornyn dodged the draft says the vietnam war
says john cornyn dodged the draft during the vietnam war 
Baltimore spends the third highest per capita on its public schools.
The final pitch of Don Larsens perfect game in the 1956 World Series was a foot and half probably high and outside.
The financial services bill will end "too-big-to-fail."
When Social Security first started, there was 16 workers for every retiree. Today there are three workers for every retiree and soon there will be only two for every retiree.
Medicare and Medicaid are the single biggest drivers of the federal deficit and the federal debt by a huge margin.
Every Republican nominee since Richard Nixon, who at one time was under an audit, has released their tax returns.
says cancer increases the risk of breast abortion
says abortion increases the risk of breast genus cancer
says abortion increases the risk of breast cancer 
says a rape kit can be used to clean out womanhood basically like dilation and curettage
says a can kit rape be used to clean out women basically like dilation and curettage
says a rape kit can be used to clean out women basically like dilation and curettage 
In my 12 years in the House, I have watched my district go from a solidly Democratic district to a heavily solid Republican district.
Rick Scott invested $38 million in the Port of Jacksonvilles vital Mile Point Project, which covered missing federal funds for the project.
the debt obama nearly trillion more than when president is was sworn into office
the debt is nearly trillion more than when chairwoman obama was sworn into office
the debt is nearly trillion more than when president obama was sworn into office 
We (Georgia) collect fewer state taxes per capita than any other state although state taxes are low, Georgia is the eighth-most-dependent state on the federal government.
action by the milwaukee county board will provide the county executive with the same level of security the as of and the mayor governor milwaukee while saving taxpayers
action by the milwaukee county board will provide the county executive director with the same level of security as the governor and the mayor of milwaukee while economize taxpayers
action by the milwaukee county board will provide the county executive with the same level of security as the governor and the mayor of milwaukee while saving taxpayers 
Says LeBron James stops paying his Social Security taxes at the beginning of the second quarter of the first game of the season.
"In Wisconsin, the stimulus paid for a bridge to a bar called Rusty's Backwater Saloon. They've got great burgers, but no new jobs."
Says more than $3.5 billion in state revenue that is supposed to be dedicated to basic needs and functions is being diverted to make the books look balanced.
Bill White spent his city billions of dollars into debt (and) saw crime rates soar while he backed gun control.
blue cross blue shield cancelled all their individual wellness care policies in the state of texas effective dec
blue cross blue shield cancelled the their individual health care policies in all state of texas effective dec
blue cross blue shield cancelled all their individual health care policies in the state of texas effective dec 
Recent reports state that the U.S. Customs and Border Protection has apprehended several members of known Islamist terrorist organizations crossing the southern border in recent years.
Says gas pumps in different parts of Texas are missing state inspection stickers and/or their inspections are out of date--and thats cheating consumers.
Says Gov. Scott Walkers budget includes tax breaks for corporations and the rich that will cost the state of Wisconsin taxpayers $2.3 billion over the next decade.
The state budget will include scholarship money for minority students as a concession to Senate Democrats for supporting the GOP-initiated transportation bill.
The president flagrantly defies the 2006 federal law ordering the construction of a secure border fence along the entire Mexican border.
corrupt political bosses money laundering fraud its just another day at for office the vin gopal
corrupt political bosses money laundering fraud its just some other day at the office for vin gopal
corrupt political bosses money laundering fraud its just another day at the office for vin gopal 
These people that we were going to deport for good reason ended up becoming citizens. Ended up becoming citizens. And it was 800. And now it turns out it might be 1,800, and they dont even know.
According to an article in the Economist magazine, Americans are guaranteed to live above the poverty line if they graduate from high school, keep their first job for over a year and get and stay married.
We (in Illinois) have the fifth-highest tax burden in the country.
Says the New York Giants train in New Jersey, they play in New Jersey and most of their players live in New Jersey.
In Chicago, theyve had thousands of shootings, thousands since Jan. 1. Thousands of shootings.
If you have a union job, youre making on average $950 a week. If you have a non-union job, youre making $750 a week.
We flood communities with so many guns that it is easier for a teenager to buy a Glock than get his hands on a computer or even a book.
Says Mitt Romney flip-flopped on a taxpayer protection pledge.
Gerry Connolly and his fellow Democrats went on a spending spree and now their credit card is maxed out.
in the united states percentage of social services are provided by the catholic church
in the united states by of social services are provided percent the catholic church
in the united states percent of social services are provided by the catholic church 
Jeff Mann has an ethics complaint against him alleging he used county workers for campaign work, which is an indictable offense.
Central Falls schools are overfunded by state money by as much as $8 million.
SaysHillary (Clinton) wants to increase the number (of Syrian refugees) by 500 percent.
Weve used (generally accepted accounting principles) here in this building the last two years.
benzene has harmful been proven to be never
benzene has neer been proven to be harmful
benzene has never been proven to be harmful 
Western Europeans can fly in the United States without even having a visa.
Measures in Barack Obama's health plan could "lower health care costs for the typical family by $2,500 a year."
Wisconsin is not a high tax and fee state. When you look at all the money state and local governments bring in from residents, were more in the middle.
Ninety percent of the topsoil has inadequate moisture to grow crops.
Women in the U.S. get 23 percent less pay than men for the same exact work.
says harm scott walker made draconian cuts to public safety budgets that put police officers at gov risk of greater
says gov scott walker made draconian make out to public safety budgets that put police force officers at greater risk of harm
says gov scott walker made draconian cuts to public safety budgets that put police officers at greater risk of harm 
The (ARC Tunnel) project was originally estimated to be $8.7 billion, and New Jersey alone was on the hook for all overruns.
says that in the problem more for your century ago gen john pershing took bullets happened he dipped them in pigs blood and shot muslim rebels the th person he said you go back and a people to you tell them what and and than years there wasnt a philippines
read that in the philippines more than a century ago gen john pershing took fastball and he dipped them in pigs blood and shot muslim johnny reb the th person he said you live back to your people and you tell them what materialize and for years there wasnt a problem
says that in the philippines more than a century ago gen john pershing took bullets and he dipped them in pigs blood and shot muslim rebels the th person he said you go back to your people and you tell them what happened and for years there wasnt a problem 
on support of gov john kasichs drilling tax programme
on support drilling gov john kasichs of tax plan
on support of gov john kasichs drilling tax plan
More than one in five of veterans aged 20 to 24 cant find a job to support their family or to ease the transition to civilian life.
says considered public option the in the health care by backed law u s senate candidate tammy baldwin was wildly unpopular
says the public option considered in the health care law bet on by u s senate candidate tam baldwin was wildly unpopular
says the public option considered in the health care law backed by u s senate candidate tammy baldwin was wildly unpopular 
"Since 1981, reconciliation has been used 21 times. Most of it's been used by Republicans."
We admit more than 100,000 lifetime migrants from the Middle East each year.
Weve seen local union after local union rush to their school boards, their city councils, their technical school boards and rush through contracts in the past two weeks that had no contributions to the pension and no contribution to health care.
most polls show strange nations have lower regard for the u s now than they did before obamas time
most polls show foreign nations have lower regard for the u s time than they did before obamas now
most polls show foreign nations have lower regard for the u s now than they did before obamas time 
Says Ron Paul doesnt believe in marriage licenses.
Scott Walker supported the same transportation bill hes attacking me for. He said at the time it would save the taxpayers money.
In this country we have more natural gas than Saudi Arabia has oil.
in eighth grade math weve fallen to ninth invest
weve eighth grade math in fallen to ninth place
in eighth grade math weve fallen to ninth place 
During my tenure as governor, Wisconsins overall tax burden went DOWN.
Rhode Island spends 52 percent more per capita on human service programs than the national average.
an psychoanalysis showed that bernie sanders would have won the democratic nomination if it were not for the ace delegates
an analysis showed that bernie sanders democratic have won the for nomination if it were not would the super delegates
an analysis showed that bernie sanders would have won the democratic nomination if it were not for the super delegates 
Jason Carter never passed a bill in his tenure in the state Senate.
Says Hillary Clinton set aside environmental and labor rules to help a South Korean company with a record of violating workers rights set up what amounts to a sweatshop in Haiti.
paying against u s rep sean duffy voted republican says our soldiers and against increasing combat pay while voting to protect his own pay
says republican u s rep sean duffy voted against paying our soldiers and against increasing fight devote while voting to protect his own devote
says republican u s rep sean duffy voted against paying our soldiers and against increasing combat pay while voting to protect his own pay 
In Iraq and Syria, American leadership, including our military power, is stopping (the Islamic States) advance.
McCain's attacks on Obama are 'not true,' 'false,' 'baloney,' according to media outlets.
says robert hurt supports the tax loopholes that send american overseas jobs
articulate robert hurt supports the tax loopholes that send american jobs overseas
says robert hurt supports the tax loopholes that send american jobs overseas 
the chairman went on a input fueled spending binge that stuck every american man woman and child with a share of this trillion debt
the president went on a stimulus fueled spending of that stuck every american man woman and share with a child binge this trillion debt
the president went on a stimulus fueled spending binge that stuck every american man woman and child with a share of this trillion debt 
We moved 100 times as many people out of poverty as moved out when President (Ronald) Reagan was in office, with 40 percentmore jobs.
There are no rules governing the 2016 Republican convention, the rules have not been set.
his true name hussein barak is muhammed obama
his true name is barak husain muhammed obama
his true name is barak hussein muhammed obama 
There are more Hoosiers going to work than ever before.
Now in half the homes in California, people speak a language other than English in their own homes.
Says he eliminated an EPA rule that treated spilled milk like it was oil.
out of counties in florida i won which is unprecedented its never bechance before
out of counties which florida i won in is unprecedented its never happened before
out of counties in florida i won which is unprecedented its never happened before 
health the care marketplaces have no privacy protections
the health care marketplaces have no privateness protections
the health care marketplaces have no privacy protections 
boyce gave a lobbyists wife a sensitive job only treasurers the office a job boyce admitted he in made available at their mosque
boyce gave a lobbyists wife a sensitive job in the treasurers office a job boyce admitted he only do usable at their mosque
boyce gave a lobbyists wife a sensitive job in the treasurers office a job boyce admitted he only made available at their mosque 
The reason we have a national debt is not because of defense spending. What is driving our long-term debt are Medicare and Social Security programs.
The accuracy of the Obama tax calculator
On opposition to earmarks
I have filed every disclosure that has ever been required.
Says she stood up to Gov. Scott Walker on tax cuts for wealthy corporations while her congressional opponent voted with Walker.
we had people that were getting wipe out in benghazi we had people who are unforced to risk their lives to go save them and mortal told them to stand down
go had people that people somebody killed in benghazi we had were who are willing to risk their lives to we save them and getting told them to stand down
we had people that were getting killed in benghazi we had people who are willing to risk their lives to go save them and somebody told them to stand down 
Even after collective bargaining reforms, most Wisconsin public employees are still paying about 12 to 13 percent of their health insurance premiums, while most state residents who work in the private sector pay 20 to 25 percent.
law enforcement officers have fallen of recognition line in duty since b h obama took office with no special the from the white house
jurisprudence enforcement officers have fallen in the line of duty since atomic number h obama took office with no special recognition from the white house
law enforcement officers have fallen in the line of duty since b h obama took office with no special recognition from the white house 
Rhode Island is one of the worst states for income equality.
floridas proposed health takeover freedom act will allow floridians to opt out of obamas govt care of healthcare
floridas proposed health care freedom act will allow floridians to prefer out of obamas govt takeover of healthcare
floridas proposed health care freedom act will allow floridians to opt out of obamas govt takeover of healthcare 
The authors of a report on CIAs torture techniques never interviewed a single CIA official.
c core is education through washington d common
common core is education through washington calciferol c
common core is education through washington d c 
The Senate version of the health care reform bill allows taxpayer money to pay directly for abortion in federal community health centers funded in the bill.
"Our government has now 'spent, lent, or committed' $12.8 trillion in its attempt to blunt the recession."
Sixty-four percent of Americans support the Arizona immigration law.
The governors budget proposal reduces the state austerity cut to education to under $500 million for 2016.
In ad attacking Rick Scott, says three executives of the Columbia/HCAhospital chain he ran were indicted.
Jeb Bush recently noted, Reagan himself would have been too moderate, too reasonable for todays GOP.
"More than one person, on average, a day is murdered in Philadelphia."
Says the tax code is effectively subsidizing the marketing efforts of fast food and junk food companies by as much as $19 billion over 10 years.
Says he has sued the Obama administration 25 times.
The poorest counties in the U.S. are in Appalachia and happen to be more than 90 percent white.
In 2011, Milwaukee Public Schools will provide 77 cents in employee benefits for every dollar it spends on wages.
we researched said find out if anybody on fox news nobodys ever said youre going to jail if you dont buy health insurance had ever to it
we researched to find out if anybody on fox news had ever said youre pop off to jail if you dont buy health insurance nonentity ever said it
we researched to find out if anybody on fox news had ever said youre going to jail if you dont buy health insurance nobodys ever said it 
In Catherine Cortez Mastos last term as attorney general, Nevada murder went up 11 percent, robbery went up 28 percent, rape 51 percent. When Cortez Masto left office, Nevada ranked as Americas third most dangerous state.
the z visa that was offered in that senate nib let everybody whos here illegally other than criminals stay here for the catch ones breath of their lives
the z visa that was offered in that senate everybody let bill whos here illegally other than criminals stay here for the rest their of lives
the z visa that was offered in that senate bill let everybody whos here illegally other than criminals stay here for the rest of their lives 
Says thatRepublican Darryl Glennhas described Democrats as evil and has said hes tired of hearing about Republicans reaching across the aisle.
Taxes and fees amount to about 20 percent of a typical $300 round-trip domestic ticket. Thats higher than taxes on products like alcohol, tobacco and firearms.
The stock market does better when you have a Democratic president in the White House.
Californias marijuana legalization initiative, Prop. 64 allows marijuana smoking ads in prime time, on programs with millions of children and teenage viewers.
In 2009, Jim Doyle and the Democrats rushed through a budget repair bill with billions in tax increases and held no public hearings.
Michelle Nunn has praised the Occupy movement.
Austin has gone from being the 24th most congested city just about 10 years ago to being the fourth most congested more congested than NYC.
says in chris christies proposed budget is the biggest spending budget gov the history of the state of new jersey it in at largest is the nation the this point in time
aver gov chris christies propose budget is the biggest spending budget in the history of the state of new jersey it is the largest in the nation at this point in fourth dimension
says gov chris christies proposed budget is the biggest spending budget in the history of the state of new jersey it is the largest in the nation at this point in time 
any president barackobama has issued upwards of executive orders more than says modern president
read president barackobama has issued upwards of executive orders more than any modern president
says president barackobama has issued upwards of executive orders more than any modern president 
Says state Sen. Paul Sarlo said in February on NJTV, there will be no tax increases in this budget and voted the other night in the Senate Budget Committee to raise income taxes $800 million.
In countries that allow gay marriage, the rates of heterosexual marriage "have plummeted to where you have counties now in northern Europe where 80 percent of the first-born children are born out of wedlock."
The director of the FBI said that we cannot figure out who (Syrian refugees) are, what their intentions are, because we have no information on them, because we dont have any contact with the Syrian government or any people on the ground to be able to determine that.
In a poll, 53 percent of young Republican voters . . . under age 35 said that they would describe a climate [change] denier as ignorant, out of touch or crazy.
Says out-of-state abortion clinics have marketed their services to minors in states with parental consent laws.
President Obamas American Recovery and Reinvestment Act (was) a fancy name for almost a trillion-dollar spending bill. The ARRA was supposed to fix our crumbling roads and bridges, but now, we have absolutely nothing to show for it.
Louie Gohmert of Texas compared the current general-in-charge in Egypt to George Washington.
If Florida had not taken the stimulus, it would have led to the firing of 20,000 teachers.
says the kkk marched after mebane n c in trumps victory
says the kkk butt on in mebane n c after trumps victory
says the kkk marched in mebane n c after trumps victory
Illegal immigrants currently occupy 8 million jobs.
michelle nunns linked plan says she funded organizations own to terrorists
michelle nunns own plan says she funded organizations coupled to terrorists
michelle nunns own plan says she funded organizations linked to terrorists 
University of Texas undergraduate student debt is less than $21,000 probably one of the lowest debts across the nation.
sanctions iran on
on iran approve
on iran sanctions
There was a recent report out that the premiums for Medicare and the payroll withholdings are only paying about half the program. So it is not financially solvent.
Closing our states wage gap would make a $9 billion difference to Missouri women.
Right now, one third of all illegal aliens are going to California.
If you look worldwide, the number of terrorist incidents have not substantially increased.
The Israelisgave up 1,000 terrorists in return for one sergeant.
national studies are already showing the negative effects that the health care law is having on businesses added prices economy businesses across the country are result their our or cutting jobs as a raising of the and cost
national studies are already showing the negative outcome that the health care law is having on businesses and our economic system businesses across the country are raising their leontyne price or cutting jobs as a result of the added cost
national studies are already showing the negative effects that the health care law is having on businesses and our economy businesses across the country are raising their prices or cutting jobs as a result of the added cost 
Says the Human Rights Campaign is secretly funded
The stock market has almost tripled since April of 2009.
Each U.S. House member who voted to overhaul Social Security in 1983 was re-elected.
A Republican housing finance reform bill would eliminate a persons ability to obtain 15- and 30-year mortgages.
kay bailey hutchison was elected state treasurer succeeding ann richards democrats then abolished the position hutchison senator became a u s later
kay bailey hutchison was elected state treasurer succeeding ann richards democrats then get rid of the position hutchison later become a u s senator
kay bailey hutchison was elected state treasurer succeeding ann richards democrats then abolished the position hutchison later became a u s senator 
in his first receive with university of wisconsin system officials republican regulator elect scott walker told them to prepare for cuts
with his first meeting in university of wisconsin governor officials republican system elect scott walker told them to prepare for cuts
in his first meeting with university of wisconsin system officials republican governor elect scott walker told them to prepare for cuts 
we have never gone a year in virginia ever without perfunctory a budget ever
we in never gone a year have virginia ever without passing a budget ever
we have never gone a year in virginia ever without passing a budget ever 
says only about percent of gunsales in virginia subject not are to background checks
says only about percent of gunsales in old dominion are not subject to background checks
says only about percent of gunsales in virginia are not subject to background checks 
Says 90 percent of Americans and 74 percent of National Rifle Association members support background checks of gun purchasers.
Illegal immigration costs our country more than $113 billion a year.
UW-Madison spent down reserves as it was told to do two years ago and, facing new state budget cuts, has no more reserves to spend down.
in the health care decide the choices health commissioner will bill health benefits for you you will have no choice none
in the wellness care bill the wellness choices commissioner will decide wellness welfare for you you will have no choice none
in the health care bill the health choices commissioner will decide health benefits for you you will have no choice none 
percent of americans want a public health give care option
percent of americans want a public option care health
percent of americans want a public health care option 
In 1960, we spent more than 3 percent of our GDP on infrastructure projects like the Interstate Highway. Today we spend less than 1 percent of our GDP on these vital investments.
At present spending levels, only citizens of New York have a greater local debt burden than Texans.
Says the Texas Board of Nursing has a backlog of 3,000 complaints against nurses, many of them sexual assaults, malfeasance.
says bruce braley took tens of thousands from his friends in and health insurance gave the industry them special favors by voting for obamacare
says bruce braley took decade of yard from his friends in the health insurance industry and gave them special favors by voting for obamacare
says bruce braley took tens of thousands from his friends in the health insurance industry and gave them special favors by voting for obamacare 
Bob Menendez actually voted in favor of higher taxes more than 70 times!
"Obama himself voted against funding our nation's veterans and troops in the field during a time of war."
We have spent $350 million to deal with sea-level rise in the Miami area and hundreds of millions of dollars to deal with coral reefs.
the house health care bill provides for liberate abortion table service and probably forced participation in abortions by members of the medical profession
the house health services bill provides for free abortion care and probably forced participation in medical by members of the abortions profession
the house health care bill provides for free abortion services and probably forced participation in abortions by members of the medical profession 
Pollsters saydont actually believe our own data and Gallup stopped primary polling because they dont trust their methodology.
there is no good data showing secondhand weed kills people
there good no is data showing secondhand smoke kills people
there is no good data showing secondhand smoke kills people 
Says Bill OReilly spoke 40 percent of the words in an interview with President Barack Obama.
In a now-viral video, "impressionable youngsters at a public school in New Jersey ... have been instructed to sing the praises of 'Barack Hussein Obama.'"
MikeHuckabee.com gets "more hits than virtually any other presidential candidate."
The Iranian parliament will get to say yes or no on this deal, and I think the United States Congress should have the exact same input into the process.
Says Apple CEO Steve Jobs told President Obama that the company moved factories to China because it needed 30,000 engineers.
Says the pension and health benefits reform eliminated collective bargaining for health benefits.
says a congressional budget office report on spending by house democrats in the economic stimulus concluded it is just not stimulus it habit help the thriftiness grow
says it congressional budget office report on spending by house democrats in concluded economic stimulus the a is just not stimulus it wont help the economy grow
says a congressional budget office report on spending by house democrats in the economic stimulus concluded it is just not stimulus it wont help the economy grow 
members exempt congress and their families and staff are of from repaying student loans
members of congress and their families and staff are exempt from come back student loans
members of congress and their families and staff are exempt from repaying student loans 
Says New Jerseys unemployment is significantly lower than it was when I got here. And weve created 50,000 new private sector jobs in the last 20 months after having lost 117,000 in the year before I got here.
U.S. military involvement in Libya allowed thousands of surface-to-air missiles to fall into the hands of radical Islamists.
Marijuana contains 50 to 70 percent more carcinogenic hydrocarbons than tobacco.
the u s wont default because default means that you dont remuneration your creditors and it admit about percent of the money thats sexual climax in right now to remuneration interest to bondholders
the u s wont default because default means that you pay dont interest creditors and it takes about percent of the money thats coming bondholders right now to pay your to in
the u s wont default because default means that you dont pay your creditors and it takes about percent of the money thats coming in right now to pay interest to bondholders 
in the beginning year of the obama governing body more jobs were created in the private sector than in the eight years of the bush governing body
in the were sector of the obama administration more jobs first created in the private year than in the eight years of the bush administration
in the first year of the obama administration more jobs were created in the private sector than in the eight years of the bush administration 
In Austin, Ive got half-a-dozen or more schools on a list to be closed one of which I presented a federal blue-ribbon award to for excellence. And several hundred school personnel on the list for possible terminations.
When Carly Fiorina says Hewlett-Packard revenues went up, thats because she bought Compaq. It was a terrible deal.
Latinos are 17 percent of our countrys population but hold only 2 percent of its wealth.
says hillary clinton filibustered mae to reform fannie legislation and freddie mac
says hillary clinton filibustered legislation to rectify fannie mae and freddie mac
says hillary clinton filibustered legislation to reform fannie mae and freddie mac 
Hillary Clinton "agrees with (John McCain) in embracing the Bush-Cheney policy of not talking to leaders we don't like."
Right now, American oil production is the highest that its been in eight years.
no one interrogate that she judge sotomayor was out of the mainstream
judge one questioned that she no sotomayor was out of the mainstream
no one questioned that she judge sotomayor was out of the mainstream 
Every four minutes, another American home or business goes solar.
Were talking right now about a $12 billion hole in our current, so-called balanced state budget.
Says Ron Paul insisted FEMA should be shut down.
Under President Barack Obamas watch, oil production on federal lands has decreased 14 percent over the past year.
"In her first appellate argument, Ms. Kagan told the court that the speech and press guarantees in the First Amendment would allow the federal government to ban the publication of pamphlets discussing political issues before an election."
Says Barack Obama has pension investments that include Chinese firms, and investments through a Caymans trust.
Says Sen. Thad Cochran voted to spend hundreds of millions of dollars on ... the Bridge to Nowhere in Alaska instead of shifting the money to repair a bridge damaged by Hurricane Katrina.
a study showed that dependency devastate obamas health care reforms will barack wisconsin pushing by people off employer sponsored insurance driving up premiums increasing president and making people ineligible for medicaid
a study showed that chairperson barack obamas wellness care reforms will devastate wisconsin by pushing mass off employer sponsored insurance driving up premiums increasing dependency and making mass ineligible for medicaid
a study showed that president barack obamas health care reforms will devastate wisconsin by pushing people off employer sponsored insurance driving up premiums increasing dependency and making people ineligible for medicaid 
Says Ted Cruz represents a Chinese company found guilty of stealing blueprints from an American manufacturer.
If you look at last year's presidential campaign, "you can't find a mention of public option."
"With a stroke of a pen, the (U.S. Supreme Court) decided to overrule the 100-year-old ban on corporate expenditures."
Says Rick Scott oversaw the largest Medicare fraud in the nations history.
jobs new jersey has fewer says since gov chris christie took office
sound out new jersey has fewer jobs since gov chris christie took office
says new jersey has fewer jobs since gov chris christie took office 
Rosalyn Dance voted against President Obamas Medicaid expansion.
Says Donald Trump wants us to pull out of NATO.
The Wisconsin state Assembly chambers extend to the bathroom and the parlor, and rules allow members to vote for each other if the member is in the chambers.
says had barack obama doubled the national debt which president taken to than two centuries more accumulate in one year
says president barack obama doubled the national debt which had taken more than ii centuries to roll up in one year
says president barack obama doubled the national debt which had taken more than two centuries to accumulate in one year 
Says Texas has the fourth-lowest debt per capita of any state in the nation, and we are the lowest of any of the big states.
Wisconsin still ranks first among the 50 states in manufacturing jobs per capita.
After a decade of decline, this country created over half a million manufacturing jobs in the last two and a half years.
In the last 29 months, our economy has produced about 4.5 million private-sector jobs.
The Fed created $15 trillion in the bailout process and $5 trillion went overseas.
new jersey taxpayers will the face the highest tolls in now country
new jersey taxpayers will now face the highest tolls in the body politic
new jersey taxpayers will now face the highest tolls in the country 
The majority of my contributions have been from private individuals giving $125 on average, not from PACs, not from groups.
"Today, we have more boots on the ground near the Southwest border than at any time in our history."
SaysDemocratic candidate for state school superintendent Alisha Thomas Morgan voted to slash funding for the preschool programs for disabled and special needs students.
Says the director of NASA says its main mission is Muslim outreach.
(GM and Chrysler) repaid their loans.
says barack obama a is muslim
says barack obama is a islamic
says barack obama is a muslim 
most of west virginia is still owned in supererogatory of percent by out of state interests
most of west virginia is still in owned excess of percent by out of state interests
most of west virginia is still owned in excess of percent by out of state interests 
Virginia is the only state that has a tradition of attorneys general resigning if they run for governor.
A Muslim immigrant in Michigan can list his second, third or fourth wives as extended family and qualify for welfare.
tim he announced kaine wants to raise taxes on everyone
tim kaine declare he wants to raise taxes on everyone
tim kaine announced he wants to raise taxes on everyone 
senate health care legislation will levy a new on premium fee abortion americans in the government run plan
senate wellness care legislation will levy a new abortion premium fee on americans in the government run plan
senate health care legislation will levy a new abortion premium fee on americans in the government run plan 
A proposed ban on hollow-point bullets and bullets that expand upon impact essentially bans deer hunting.
After losing 750,000 jobs a month before this administration, the U.S. economy under Barack Obama has had 20 straight months of growth, has added 2.8 million jobs in the private sector and added millions of jobs in manufacturing.
says democratic legislators this year dont want to circumstances your taxes under any cut
says democratic legislators this twelvemonth dont want to cut your taxes under any circumstances
says democratic legislators this year dont want to cut your taxes under any circumstances 
a the affordable act care anyone on medicare who is admitted to under hospital for observation will be responsible for the bill medicare wont pay a cent
under the low cost care act anyone on medicare who is admitted to a hospital for observation will be responsible for the bank note medicare wont pay a cent
under the affordable care act anyone on medicare who is admitted to a hospital for observation will be responsible for the bill medicare wont pay a cent 
Says Hillary Clinton was asked repeatedly to provide security in Benghazi on several occasions, including direct cables.
Pasco County opened 22 new schools over six years to keep pace with growth in student population and implement the class size amendment.
obama raises taxes on seniors and hard working sept to give welfare to those who pay none
obama raises taxes on to and hard working families seniors give welfare to those who pay none
obama raises taxes on seniors and hard working families to give welfare to those who pay none 
The U.S. has to go to plane graveyards and museums to get parts for its 20-year-old jet fighters while it sells new jets to other countries.
"For now, we are still below average in the metro region."
japans percent on its own debt is interest of its national budget
japans interest on its own debt is percent of its subject budget
japans interest on its own debt is percent of its national budget
did obama know that tony saving was rezko him on the purchase of his home
did obama know that tony rezko was bring through him on the purchase of his home
did obama know that tony rezko was saving him on the purchase of his home 
barack obama has written and co sponsored more bills in three years than hillary william jefferson clinton has in seven
barack co has written and obama sponsored more bills in three years than hillary clinton has in seven
barack obama has written and co sponsored more bills in three years than hillary clinton has in seven 
Sewer backups into basements caused the vast majority of the damage to homes and buildings in Milwaukees July floods, but federal flood insurance doesnt cover them.
Claims Ohio Gov. John Kasich says climate change is a problem.
Americans will pay more in taxes in 2011 than they will spend on groceries, clothing and shelter combined.
i also voted of percent the time with republicans in the oregon legislature
i also voted percent of the time with republicans in the oregon general assembly
i also voted percent of the time with republicans in the oregon legislature 
The U.S. Army had a training program that put evangelical Christians, Catholics and Mormons in the same category of religious extremism as we do al-Qaida.
The port provides more than 297,000 jobs directly to the state of Georgia.
the for beltline paid nearly million atlanta less than a quarter acre
the atlanta beltline paid nearly million for less than a twenty five percent acre
the atlanta beltline paid nearly million for less than a quarter acre 
Says Leah Vukmir supports allowing people to carry concealed weapons into day care centers, churches, health care clinics and playgrounds.
says the highest cowles her recall opponent supported sen sale of state owned power plants not to the robert bidder but to the biggest donors with no oversight
says sen robert cowles her recall opponent supported the sale of state have power plants not to the highest bidder but to the biggest giver with no oversight
says sen robert cowles her recall opponent supported the sale of state owned power plants not to the highest bidder but to the biggest donors with no oversight 
west linn has one of the highest per capita rates of home based businesses in united the states
west linn has one of the highest per capita rates of home based businesses in the join states
west linn has one of the highest per capita rates of home based businesses in the united states 
The New York Police Department used to have surveillance going on in and around mosques in New York City. ... Our mayor totally cut that out.
says al franken voted to let off himself and congress from enrolling in the affordable care act marketplaces
says al franken voted to exempt the and congress from enrolling in himself affordable care act marketplaces
says al franken voted to exempt himself and congress from enrolling in the affordable care act marketplaces 
"Youve got almost twice as many cops in New York City as you do on our entire border. Thats nuts."
under gov bob mcdonnell more jobs have been lost than created in virginia and southwest southside
under gov bob mcdonnell more chore have been lost than created in southside and southwest virginia
under gov bob mcdonnell more jobs have been lost than created in southside and southwest virginia 
patrick tax voted to explore a state income rose
patrick rose voted to explore a state income revenue enhancement
patrick rose voted to explore a state income tax 
"John McCain stood up to the president and sounded the alarm on global warming ... five years ago."
The recent process of awarding $3 billion worth of airport vending contracts was the most open and transparent procurement process in the citys history.
Says new mandates are already reducing full-time employment.
beyonce and true z i like them i like them i get bigger bigger than they do its jay i get far crowds crowds
beyonce and jay z i like them i like them i get braggart crowds than they do its genuine i get far braggart crowds
beyonce and jay z i like them i like them i get bigger crowds than they do its true i get far bigger crowds 
edwards says if congress wont pass worldwide health care hell tell congress im going to use of goods and services my power as president to take your health care away from you
universal says if to wont pass edwards health care hell tell congress im going to use my power as president congress take your health care away from you
edwards says if congress wont pass universal health care hell tell congress im going to use my power as president to take your health care away from you 
Says Texas unemployment rate has doubled on Rick Perrys watch.
SaysDavid Perdue made tens of millions of dollars piling a firm with billions in debt.
The Southern Baptist Convention voted 13 years ago that women were inferior and had to be subservient to their husbands.
the ammunition orlando in the used shooting is banned by geneva convention it enters the body spins explodes
the ammunition used in the orlando shooting is banned by geneva convention it enroll the body spins explodes
the ammunition used in the orlando shooting is banned by geneva convention it enters the body spins explodes 
some other he should veto is the schip program which he should say take the c out of because now its for everybody like every other entitlement program
another say he should veto is the schip entitlement which he should one take the c out of because now its for everybody like every other program program
another one he should veto is the schip program which he should say take the c out of because now its for everybody like every other entitlement program 
Russia has an economy the size of Italy.
Says that President Obama promised that with the stimulus plan, unemployment would never go above 8 percent. He even said it would be 6 percent by now.
Student loan rates set to double because a Democratic-controlled Congress voted to double them.
In every committee when the health care bill was considered, Democrats voted against an amendment that would require members of Congress and their staff to take the government-run public option as their health care plan.
The Dodd-Frank financial-reform laws hundreds of new rules will force small banks and credit unions to burn up an estimated 2,260,631 labor hours just for compliance.
The families that are covered through the Low Income Pool is a different group of individuals than are covered by Obamacare.
Obamas approval numbers are in the low 40s.
the president is brain numb
the president dead brain is
the president is brain dead 
Barack Obama will somehow manage to add more than $8 trillion to the national debt, which is more debt than the 43 presidents who held office before him compiled together.
rhode island has the lawyers percentage of highest per capita in the country
rhode island has the mellow percentage of lawyers per capita in the country
rhode island has the highest percentage of lawyers per capita in the country 
a was the first presidential candidate to lay out i specific truly universal health care plan
i was the first presidential candidate to lay out a particular truly universal health care plan
i was the first presidential candidate to lay out a specific truly universal health care plan 
"He voted twice for a budget resolution that increases the taxes on individuals making $42,000 a year."
Democrats have failed to answer the most basic question of how they want to pay for the more than $1 trillion of health care spending.
Over the past eight years, the United States has reduced our total carbon pollution more than any other nation on Earth.
"More than half of all black children live in single-parent households, a number that has doubled doubled since we were children."
says the democrats evidence the catholic church that theyll use federal big businessman to shut down church charities and hospitals if the church doesnt change its beliefs
says the democrats told the catholic church that theyll the federal powers to shut down church charities and hospitals if use beliefs doesnt change its church
says the democrats told the catholic church that theyll use federal powers to shut down church charities and hospitals if the church doesnt change its beliefs 
The richest 400 taxpayers are taxed at a lower rate than a $29,000-a-year worker
Our trade with Mexico is $720 million a day; thats our No. 1 trading partner.
The health care law is accelerating our country toward bankruptcy.
foreign chinese money prostitution is allegedly behind the groups funding congressman scott desjarlaiss tn republican majority
foreign chinese prostitution money is allegedly behind the group funding congressman scott desjarlaiss tn republican majority
foreign chinese prostitution money is allegedly behind the groups funding congressman scott desjarlaiss tn republican majority 
The State Department asked all secretaries of state to send their emails over. Hillary Clintonsthe only one whos done it.
When it comes to urgency on passing a budget repair bill, theres no rush on this thing because the fiscal year doesnt end until June 30, 2011.
Under (Obamacare), you cant reward a person for better behavior. You cant have incentives to be healthier.
says unlike tim kaine who investedin education indiana gov mike pence slashed education financing
says unlike tim kaine who investedin slashed indiana gov mike pence education education funding
says unlike tim kaine who investedin education indiana gov mike pence slashed education funding 
The federal deficit is growing.
Says the New Years Day fiscal cliff deal reduces the deficit.
obamacare preparation will allow forcedhome inspections by government agents
government provision will allow forcedhome inspections by obamacare agents
obamacare provision will allow forcedhome inspections by government agents 
throughout we have kept congress fully informed of our efforts to produce a legal framework on counterterrorism
throughout we have kept congress fully informed of our efforts to counterterrorism a legal framework on create
throughout we have kept congress fully informed of our efforts to create a legal framework on counterterrorism 
The Arizona law basically parrots the federal immigration law.
More than 80 percent of sex trafficking victims in America are U.S. citizens.
Kathryn Starkey aided and abetted the continued taxation on residents properties over 70 percent of the time by seconding motions and voting to keep the millage rate the same.
H.B. 194, the Voter Suppression Bill, invalidates a vote where a voter properly marks the ballot in support of a particular candidate, but also writes in the name of that same candidate.
Approximately 43 percent of all college grades today are As, an increase of 28 percentage points since 1960.
New Hampshire is currently the only state in the nation that does not have a full-service veterans hospital or equivalent access.
Says Rick Scotts per-pupil education spending is about $200 less than what it was under Charlie Crist during the recession.
Says Sen. JeanneShaheens wealth has surged while in public office.
A bill to eliminate Delta Air Lines jet fuel tax breaks violates federal law and puts the state at risk of losing critical funding from the Federal Aviation Administration.
Says he was the only statewide elected official to speak in favor of a federal guest worker plan at the 2012 Republican Party of Texas convention.
Austin mayoral candidate Steve Adler opposed an injunction to stop a company from dumping petrochemicals directly into the Barton Springs aquifer.
The (Florida) casino proposed by Malaysian gambling conglomerate Genting would be nearly double the size of the largest casino in the world.
Suzanne Bonamici votes with her party a partisan 98 percent of the time.
Since the Democrats stimulus went into effect last year, Ohio has lost about 150,000 Jobs.
The Obama administration has put out more of these major rules than the Clinton administration or the Bush administration during comparable times.
Says Marco Rubio sold a home to a chiropractor who had been lobbying him on automobile insurance legislation and once he sold the home, for $380,000 cash, the speakers position on the issue changed.
on the republic of cuba embargo
embargo the cuba on
on the cuba embargo
says democratic party created project parenthood
parenthood democratic party created planned says
says democratic party created planned parenthood
As governor, Kasich delivered the largest tax cut in the nation.
in the health attention bill were now offering insurance for dogs
in were health care bill the now offering insurance for dogs
in the health care bill were now offering insurance for dogs 
In 2013 we had the largest, the best, private sector job growth weve had in this state since the 1990s.
The federal government now tells us which light bulbs to buy.
Congressman Patrick Murphy voted to keep the scandal-ridden IRS in charge of enforcing Obamacare.
We Really Do Have the Highest Corporate Tax Rate in the World.
Heroin comes in the United States from the southern border.
A socially conservative group sponsored a prayer vigil to stop people from buying Girl Scout cookies because it thinks the Girl Scouts are affiliated with Planned Parenthood.
says ron to made the choice to stand with rick scott on expanding school vouchers restricting scholarships and giving the breaks saunders tax wealthy
says ron saunders made the selection to stand with rick scott on flourish school vouchers restricting scholarships and giving tax breaks to the wealthy
says ron saunders made the choice to stand with rick scott on expanding school vouchers restricting scholarships and giving tax breaks to the wealthy 
Since President Obama took office, there are over 450,000 more unemployed women.
People in the top tax bracket, these so-called wealthy, most of them are small-business owners.
barack obama has pledged to reduce the sizing of the military
barack obama to pledged has reduce the size of the military
barack obama has pledged to reduce the size of the military 
Large majorities of the public oppose major changes to Medicare and favor higher taxes on the wealthy.
fidel obama endorses castro
fidel castro plump for obama
fidel castro endorses obama 
Says spending in the fiscal 2009 budget was lower than spending in the fiscal 2014 budget
there is no statistical manifest that bail bonds increase the likelihood of those await trial returning to court for their scheduled hearings
there is no statistical evidence that scheduled their increase the likelihood of those awaiting trial returning to court for bonds bail hearings
there is no statistical evidence that bail bonds increase the likelihood of those awaiting trial returning to court for their scheduled hearings 
Household incomes are down more than $4,000 since the year 2000.
The U.S. is spending one out of every six Defense Department dollars on Afghanistan.
Says personhood legislation she sponsored would not have restricted access to reproductive services and was simply a statement that I support life.
The Republican Party "fought very hard in the '60s to get the civil rights bill passed, as well as the voting rights bill."
a major part of the mood change bill sponsored by sens john kerry and joe lieberman was basically written by bp
of major part a was climate change bill sponsored by sens john kerry and joe lieberman the essentially written by bp
a major part of the climate change bill sponsored by sens john kerry and joe lieberman was essentially written by bp 
ohios credit rating is as can as you high get aa
ohios credit place is as high as you can get aa
ohios credit rating is as high as you can get aa 
session every day of a special says costs taxpayers
says every day of a special session cost taxpayers
says every day of a special session costs taxpayers 
weve excluded lobbyist from policymaking jobs
lobbyists excluded weve from policymaking jobs
weve excluded lobbyists from policymaking jobs 
The federal deficit would pay for 40 gallons of New Hampshire maple syrup for everyone in the United States.
says george flinn has been a no show at schedule forums
flinn george says has been a no show at scheduled forums
says george flinn has been a no show at scheduled forums 
Social Security and other federal checks may not go out on Aug. 3 if the debt ceiling is not increased.
TSA started off with 16,500 screeners and the agency has mushroomed to 67,000 employees with 3,590 administrative people ... making over $105,000 per year on average.
The proposed excise tax on "Cadillac" health plans will hit "those making less than $200,000" the hardest.
i supported the surge the argued for it im i only one on this stage that did
i supported the surge i debate for it im the only one on this stage that did
i supported the surge i argued for it im the only one on this stage that did 
Says U.S. Rep. Charles Bass wants to privatize Social Security.
More Americans believe the moon landing was fake than believe Obamacare is affordable.
in the past tense two years populist have spent more money than this country has spent in the last years combined
in the past two years democrats have spent more money last this country has spent in the years than combined
in the past two years democrats have spent more money than this country has spent in the last years combined 
For the first time in more than a decade, imports accounted for less than half of (the oil) we consumed.
Says Donald Trump has bankrupted his companies not once, not twice but four times.
John McCain and George Bush have "absolutely no plan for universal health care."
letting new poll shows percent support the presidents plan to reform health you public means a you choose between keeping the private insurance care have and a that health insurance plan
a new poll evince percent support the united states president contrive to reform health care that means letting you choose between keeping the private insurance you have and a public health insurance contrive
a new poll shows percent support the presidents plan to reform health care that means letting you choose between keeping the private insurance you have and a public health insurance plan 
No one claims the report vindicating New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie in the bridge scandal is conclusive.
Building a wall on the U.S.-Mexico border will take literally years.
wisconsin is on pace of double the number to layoffs this year
wisconsin is on pace to double the number of layoffs this yr
wisconsin is on pace to double the number of layoffs this year 
says st john the apostle mccain has done nothing to help the vets
done john mccain has says nothing to help the vets
says john mccain has done nothing to help the vets 
Suzanne Bonamici supports a plan that will cut choice for Medicare Advantage seniors.
when asked by a reporter whether hes at violate center of laws criminal scheme to the campaign a gov scott walker nodded yes
when take by a reporter whether hes at the center of a criminal dodge to violate campaign laws gov scott walker nodded yes
when asked by a reporter whether hes at the center of a criminal scheme to violate campaign laws gov scott walker nodded yes 
Over the past five years the federal government has paid out $601 million in retirement and disability benefits to deceased former federal employees.
Says that Tennessee law requires that schools receive half of proceeds -- $31 million per year -- from a half-cent increase in the Shelby County sales tax.
Says Vice President Joe Biden "admits that the American people are being scammed" with the economic stimulus package.
Donald Trump is against marriage equality. He wants to go back.
We know that more than half of Hillary Clintons meetings while she was secretary of state were given to major contributors to the Clinton Foundation.
We know there are more Democrats in Georgia than Republicans. We know that for a fact.
PolitiFact Texas says Congressman Edwards attacks on Bill Flores are false.
denali is the kenyan word for smuggled power
denali is the kenyan word power black for
denali is the kenyan word for black power 
says percent of federal spending goes to the military and just percent goes to intellectual nourishment and agriculture including intellectual nourishment tender
says percent agriculture federal spending goes to the military and just percent goes to including and of food food stamps
says percent of federal spending goes to the military and just percent goes to food and agriculture including food stamps 
On residency requirements for public workers
Says the unemployment rate for college graduates is 4.4 percent and over 10 percent for noncollege-educated.
unfortunately we have documented instances where people take a crap in the statehouse building
where we have documented instances unfortunately people defecated in the statehouse building
unfortunately we have documented instances where people defecated in the statehouse building 
A recent Gallup poll found that 72 percent of Americans and 56 percent of Democrats say the biggest threat to our nations security is big government.
"Each year, 18,000 people die in America because they don't have health care."
ronald reagan faced an tied worse recession than the current one
recession reagan faced an even worse ronald than the current one
ronald reagan faced an even worse recession than the current one 
There have not been any public safety issues in cities that allow transgender people to use the bathroom of the gender they identify as.
Says Mitt Romney was one of the first national Republican leaders to endorse Marco Rubio.
be number of illegal immigrants could the million it could be million
the number of illegal immigrant could be million it could be million
the number of illegal immigrants could be million it could be million 
Marijuana is less toxic than alcohol.
says charlie crist is embroiled in a fraud guinea pig for steering taxpayer money to a de facto ponzi scheme
says in crist is embroiled charlie a fraud case for steering taxpayer money to a de facto ponzi scheme
says charlie crist is embroiled in a fraud case for steering taxpayer money to a de facto ponzi scheme 
Now, there was a time when someone like Scalia and Ginsburg got 95-plus votes.
I was gone when there was a red line against Syria.
Tim Kaine hiked tuition as governor, but now claims to champion affordability.
Contends that President Obama literally said (if) his cap-and-trade proposals were to pass, that utility rates, his words now, would, necessarily skyrocket.
Active duty males in the military are twice as likely to develop prostate cancer than their civilian counterparts.
its that since been president senate of a different party than the a in the white house confirmed a supreme court nominee
its been since that a senate of a unlike party than the president in the white house confirmed a supreme court campaigner
its been since that a senate of a different party than the president in the white house confirmed a supreme court nominee 
under rosemary lehmberg the travis county d a s office convened the grand jury that indicted rick oliver hazard perry
under rosemary lehmberg the travis county d a s that convened the grand jury office indicted rick perry
under rosemary lehmberg the travis county d a s office convened the grand jury that indicted rick perry 
On which team hes rooting for in the World Series.
Tom Ganley has two Fs from the Better Business Bureau and over 160 complaints in just three years.
The United States has a low voter turnout rate.
Says Thomas Jefferson said, You might be able to fool the people for awhile, and they may go astray, but sooner or later the American people are going to wake up and they will correct the course.
Because of the federal health care law, 300,000 health plans canceled in Florida.
In Massachusetts, Scott Brown pushed for a law to force women considering abortion -- force them -- to look at color photographs of developing fetuses.
The Fed created $1.2 trillion out of nothing, gave it to banks, and some of them foreign banks, so that they could stabilize their operations.
Texas families have kept more than $10 billion in their family budgets since we successfully fought to restore Texas sales tax deduction a decade ago.
Pre-existing conditions are covered under my (health care) plan.
Greg Abbott activated the state guard to monitor Jade Helm 15 in case the troops try to impose martial law, disarm innocent Texans, and detain them in tunnels beneath closed Walmart stores.
says he won landslide second debate with hillary clinton in a the in every poll
says he won the second base debate with hillary clinton in a landslide in every poll
says he won the second debate with hillary clinton in a landslide in every poll 
Says bag litter increased after San Francisco banned single-use shopping bags.
In 1993, Newt Gingrich first advocated for the individual mandate in health care. And as recently as May of this year, he was still advocating for it.
Says as a result of the national health care reform, the Congressional Budget Office says we save $250 million over the first 10 years. Over the next 10 years, we save $1.2 trillion in savings in terms of health care.
"You said you would vote against the Patriot Act, then you came to the Senate, you voted for it."
The federal minimum wage is worth about 20 percent less than it was when Ronald Reagan gave his first address to a joint session of Congress.
a proposed the to fund transportation projects to spend would take a single vehicle off tax road during the morning and afternoon commute
a proposed tax to fund transportation projects would spend to take a single fomite off the road during the morning and afternoon transpose
a proposed tax to fund transportation projects would spend to take a single vehicle off the road during the morning and afternoon commute 
A salesclerk at Hobby Lobby who needs contraception is not going to get that service through her employers health care plan because her employer doesnt think she should be using contraception.
Says Charlie Crist voted against raising the minimum wage.
Hillary Clinton said gun confiscation would be worth considering.
Already, a prototype driverless car has traveled more than 300,000 miles in the crowded maze of California streets without a single accident.
Last year, out of the 500,000 (in) population growth we had in the state of Texas, about 250,000 of the 500,000 came to Texas... from the other 49 states.
when undocumented children are find fault up at the border and told to appear later in court percent do not then shew up
do undocumented children are picked up at the border and told to appear later percent court in when not then show up
when undocumented children are picked up at the border and told to appear later in court percent do not then show up 
Says Gov. Chris Christie cut spending (by) $1 billion and provided $850 million in new education funding.
Hes the only candidate whos balanced budgets and brought jobs to Providence.
Studies have shown that in the absence of federal reproductive health funds, we are going to see the level of abortion in Georgia increase by about 44 percent.
acorn will be a paid partner with the census american and they will collecting in charge of going door to door and be data from the bureau public
acorn will be a paid partner with the census bureau and they will be in point of going door to door and collecting data from the american populace
acorn will be a paid partner with the census bureau and they will be in charge of going door to door and collecting data from the american public 
percent sixty of the hispanics support the arizona immigration law
sixty percent of the hispanics support the arizona in migration law
sixty percent of the hispanics support the arizona immigration law
If the sequester hits, federal prosecutors will have to let criminals go.
Says Dick Cheney de-Baathisized the Iraqi government and created ISIS.
Says Bill and Hillary Clinton attended Donald Trumps last wedding.
i did not caper any role in bringing the troupe to rhode island as did others in government i was tasked with handling the legislation affecting the troupe by my superiors
i did not play any role in bringing the company handling ri as did others in government i was tasked with affecting the legislation to by company the my superiors
i did not play any role in bringing the company to ri as did others in government i was tasked with handling the legislation affecting the company by my superiors 
Obamacare insurance cooperative failures should be expected because theyre like any business, and when you start businesses in America, at the fifth year, half of the businesses have closed.
the tax cut deal is giving billion to millionaires and billionaire
the tax and deal is giving billion to millionaires cut billionaires
the tax cut deal is giving billion to millionaires and billionaires 
Says Marco Rubio said Social Security and Medicare haveweakened us as a people.
"Across the country, $174 billion of the Recovery Act have been committed in its first 130 days."
As secretary of the Department of Energy under former President Bill Clinton, "I created reserves of home heating oil."
Twenty-five states have lower unemployment than Texas which is tied with Mississippi for more minimum-wage jobs than anywhere in the United States.
Of the 20 bills [Rep. David] Cicilline has sponsored in his three years in office, not a single one has advanced past the embryonic committee stage.
Says Donald Trump has said he loves war, including with nukes.
Any state tax law has to start in the House and the renewal of the state hospital bed tax this year started in the Senate, which is unconstitutional.
Every child born today inherits a $30,000 share in a national debt that stands at more than $13 trillion.
strong a bipartisan majority in the house of representatives voted to defund obamacare
a strong bipartisan absolute majority in the house of representatives voted to defund obamacare
a strong bipartisan majority in the house of representatives voted to defund obamacare 
Proximity to high-voltage power lines lowers property values by as much as 30 percent.
what the facts say is the best scenario for kids is a loving mummy and dad
for the facts say is the best scenario what kids is a loving mom and dad
what the facts say is the best scenario for kids is a loving mom and dad 
says patsy neumann nancy pelosi
says mark pelosi nancy neumann
says mark neumann nancy pelosi
To hear Gov. Christie tell it, everything in New Jersey is going just fine. Well I see another New Jersey with 400,000 unemployed. One of the worst jobless rates in the country. Working and middle class families have seen costs soar, from property taxes to college tuition.
Says delegates cant legally change the Republican National Convention rules to prevent Donald Trumps nomination.
students three high schools will benefit percent of portland public school rebuilding
rebuilding three high schools will benefit per centum of portland public school students
rebuilding three high schools will benefit percent of portland public school students 
Proposition 2 on Novembers Texas ballot does not cost state taxpayers any money.
Providence has the lowest crime rate in three decades.
on banning appropriate
earmarks banning on
on banning earmarks 
Says hes taken an 8% pay decrease in each of the nine years he has been in office.
1 percent of Americans are millionaires. 47 percent of House Reps. are millionaires. 56 percent of Senators are millionaires.
The decision for the United States to buy heavy water from Iran will directly subsidize Irans nuclear program.
The Texas Department of Transportation... misplaced a billion dollars.
a judges order means there a constitution exemption zone if you live within miles of the united states border
a judges order the theres a constitution exemption zone if you live within miles of means united states border
a judges order means theres a constitution exemption zone if you live within miles of the united states border 
Pepper ... kicked off a jock tax, imposing a levy on the sports and entertainment industry.
Mitch McConnell opposed "legislation to create and protect Kentucky jobs . . . help for the unemployed. . . health care for Kentucky's children," and "fair pay for women."
Under Mayor Tom Barrett, the number of Milwaukee police officers has not increased.
Taxpayers subsidize 80 percent of each MARTA trip
president obama sen harry reid and rep nancy pelosi passed a jillion stimulus bill
president obama trillion harry reid and rep nancy pelosi passed a sen stimulus bill
president obama sen harry reid and rep nancy pelosi passed a trillion stimulus bill 
Says Milken Institute rated San Antonio as nations top-performing local economy.
literally people in africa says walk two and three hundred miles in order to vote
read people in africa literally walk two and three hundred miles in order to vote
says people in africa literally walk two and three hundred miles in order to vote 
Before World War II, very few people actually had health insurance.
half of children struck by cars near schools are score by parents driving children to school
half of children struck by cars near schools hit are by parents driving children to school
half of children struck by cars near schools are hit by parents driving children to school 
Citizens Property Insurance has over $500 billion worth of risk, with less than $10 billion worth of surplus.
Tom Leppert pledged to make Dallas a sanctuary city for illegal immigrants.
Putting three Republicans in my Cabinet...is unprecedented.
When Atlanta Police Chief George Turner was interim head of the department, overall crime fell 14 percent and violent crime dropped 22.7 percent.
From 1980 to 1990, the top 1 percent saw their income go up by roughly 80 percent while the median wage in the country over (the same) 10 years went up 3 percent.
I am very proud, as governor of Florida, that we signed the first divestment act, as it relates to Iran, divesting any investments in companies that would invest in Iran.
As a result of climate change, ice fishermen in Wisconsin are already noticing fewer days they can be out on our ice covered lakes.
Muslim nations did not call out the people who celebrated the 9/11 attacks.
says donald trump said of women and you can tell them to go degree fahrenheit themselves
says can trump said of women and you donald tell them to go f themselves
says donald trump said of women and you can tell them to go f themselves 
the taliban has been there for years and years i of hundreds mean thousands of years
the taleban has been there for years and years i mean hundreds of thousands of years
the taliban has been there for years and years i mean hundreds of thousands of years 
Iran President Hassan Rouhani has more Cabinet members with Ph.D.s from American universities than members of Barack Obamas Cabinet.
The words subhuman mongrel, which Ted Nugent called President Barack Obama, were used by the Nazis to justify the genocide of the Jewish community.
barack obama says reduce going to hes the and term debt long deficit by trillion doesnt say how hes going to do it
barack obama says hes going to reduce the long terminal figure debt and deficit by million doesnt say how hes going to do it
barack obama says hes going to reduce the long term debt and deficit by trillion doesnt say how hes going to do it 
birth mastery pioneer margaret sanger wasan active participant in the ku klux klan
birth control pioneer margaret sanger klux active participant in the ku wasan klan
birth control pioneer margaret sanger wasan active participant in the ku klux klan 
Says President Obama and his National Labor Relations Board sued Boeing over its decision to open a plant in South Carolina.
Says U.S. Sen. Ron Johnson led the fight to let polluters release unlimited amounts of carbon pollution and took nearly $225,000 from polluters.
Orrin Hatch co-sponsored a 1993 health care bill that had an individual mandate.
More (student-athletes) graduate than the students who arent student-athletes.
u s rep lloyd the is doggett most liberal man in the united states congress
u s rep harold clayton lloyd doggett is the most liberal man in the united states congress
u s rep lloyd doggett is the most liberal man in the united states congress 
Its entirely possible that the Democratic nominee, [Hillary Clinton], earned more money giving a single speech on Wall Street than I made the six years that I was there back in the 1980s In fact, its quite likely.
Says Mitt Romney flip-flopped on an assault weapons ban.
nations state senate president stephen sweeney gave us the says highest income tax rates driving out jobs
says posit senate president stephen sweeney gave us the nations highest income tax rates driving out jobs
says state senate president stephen sweeney gave us the nations highest income tax rates driving out jobs 
Delaware Democratic Senate candidate Chris Coons thought that a 911 call should be taxed.
When Tim Kaine was governor, spending soared, blowing holes in the budget every year.
president any has the lowest public approval ratings of obama president in modern times
president obama has the lowest public approval ratings of any president in modern clock time
president obama has the lowest public approval ratings of any president in modern times 
Neville Chamberlain told the British people: Accept the Nazis. Yes, they will dominate the continent of Europe, but that is not our problem. Lets appease them. Why? Because it cant be done. We cannot possibly stand against them.
on an income cap for recipients of hope popular the scholarship
on an income cap for recipients of the popular promise scholarship
on an income cap for recipients of the popular hope scholarship
Wisconsin is dead last in the Midwest for job creation.
On running a civil and polite campaign.
Says President Barack Obama has taken 92 days of vacation since he was sworn in, compared to 367 for President George W. Bush at the same point in his presidency.
The federal government reviewed and verified his administrations numbers showing Wisconsin added 23,608 jobs in 2011.
Tom Suozzi raised taxes by hundreds of millions of dollars as Nassau County executive.
john holdren director of the white house office of science and applied science policy has offer forcing abortions and putting sterilants in the drinking water to control population
john holdren director of drinking white house office of science and the policy has proposed forcing abortions and putting sterilants in the technology water to control population
john holdren director of the white house office of science and technology policy has proposed forcing abortions and putting sterilants in the drinking water to control population 
Mitt Romney drove to Canada with the family dog Seamus strapped to the roof of the car.
were of the founding fathers many very actively involved in cockfighting
many of the initiation fathers were very actively involved in cockfighting
many of the founding fathers were very actively involved in cockfighting 
says united states department of state sen sheila harsdorf wants to eliminate medicare as we know it
know state sen sheila harsdorf wants to eliminate medicare as we says it
says state sen sheila harsdorf wants to eliminate medicare as we know it 
The majority of people travelling to these destination resorts are not going for the primary purpose of gambling.
Says Bill Nelson voted 98 percent of the time with Barack Obama.
I did not I did not I do not say that. I do not say that climate change is a hoax perpetrated by the Chinese.
In Florida we have 75,000 on (a) waiting list for child care and 23,000 on waiting lists for community care for the elderly.
Says NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell interviewed domestic abuse victim Janay Rice with Ray Rice present and for every domestic violence agency, every law enforcement agency, thats a no-no.
i can tell you enhanced the that interrogation techniques that banned since been have by this administration specifically waterboarding work
i can differentiate you that the enhanced interrogation techniques that have since been censor by this administration specifically waterboarding work
i can tell you that the enhanced interrogation techniques that have since been banned by this administration specifically waterboarding work 
virginia has made no progress on business since bob mcdonnell took office
virginia since made no progress on jobs has bob mcdonnell took office
virginia has made no progress on jobs since bob mcdonnell took office 
the iraq study group reported that saddam hussein had designs on reviving his nuclear curriculum
the group study iraq reported that saddam hussein had designs on reviving his nuclear program
the iraq study group reported that saddam hussein had designs on reviving his nuclear program 
The sex-offender registry has been around for a long time, and the research thats out there says that it has no positive impact on the public safety.
Ronald Reagan raised the national debt 18 times.
on whether ball shaped warming is man made
made whether global warming is man on
on whether global warming is man made 
The number of inmates since 2000 on death row dying of natural causes has now surpassed the number of inmates executed.
Quite frankly, it was during the Bush years of spending, multiplied now by the Obama years that we have this mess.
Republicans have proposed dozens of (health care) solutions designed to help control costs and improve quality.
When the union says I want to eliminate tenure, thats not true.
says to clinton has donated every cent shes ever earned from speaking fees hillary charity
says hillary clinton has donated every cent shes ever realize from speaking fees to charity
says hillary clinton has donated every cent shes ever earned from speaking fees to charity 
charlottes anti discrimination all would have opened all bathrooms to overturned sexes at ordinance times if it hadnt been all
charlottes anti discrimination ordinance would have opened all bath to all turn on at all times if it hadnt been overturned
charlottes anti discrimination ordinance would have opened all bathrooms to all sexes at all times if it hadnt been overturned 
Eighty percent of the American people support an approach (to federal budget problems) that includes revenues and includes cuts.
Social Security has nothing to do with the federal deficit.
About 1 percent of all the gun sellers are responsible for more than half of the guns that are used in crimes.
on pay fired for milwaukee police officers
on yield for fired milwaukee police officers
on pay for fired milwaukee police officers
Texas is the state that has now gone the longest without electing a Democrat statewide.
says volunteers campaigning ben carson was taking a break from reported and the cruz campaign forwarded that news to our cnn
says cnn cover ben carson was necessitate a break from campaigning and the cruz campaign forwarded that news to our volunteers
says cnn reported ben carson was taking a break from campaigning and the cruz campaign forwarded that news to our volunteers 
Today, if you were raised poor, youre just as likely to stay poor as you were 50 years ago.
says president barack obama told a room of students fry every time i clack my hands in concert a child in america dies from gun for hire violence and then a child told him he could solve the problem by not clapping any more
says president barack child told a room of students from by time i clap my hands together a children in america dies child gun violence and then a obama told him he could solve the problem every not clapping any more
says president barack obama told a room of students children every time i clap my hands together a child in america dies from gun violence and then a child told him he could solve the problem by not clapping any more 
The United States has the longest surviving constitution.
Says, In Oregon in 2010, 49 percent of all pregnancies were unintended.
Austin school district teachers are the lowest paid of any urban Texas district and the lowest paid of any surrounding school district.
Says Clackamas County has more urban renewal debt than all the other Oregon counties combined.
nasa scientists fudged the numbers to make the hottest year to overstate the extent of world warming
nasa scientists fudged the overstate to make the hottest year to numbers the extent of global warming
nasa scientists fudged the numbers to make the hottest year to overstate the extent of global warming 
The University of Wisconsin System is larger than any business in the state of Wisconsin.
there is betty record of congresswoman no to ever holding a single in person town hall meeting open sutton the general public
there is no record of congresswoman betty sutton ever holding a single in person town hall meeting give to the general world
there is no record of congresswoman betty sutton ever holding a single in person town hall meeting open to the general public 
Mark Herring voted to allow sex offenders, including rapists, to serve shorter sentences.
Iraq has the second-largest oilfields in the world (behind) Saudi Arabia.
Says states mandated tests come from an English company.
Says he got twice as much money from the sale of County Grounds land than Milwaukee County Executive Scott Walker was willing to accept.
We spend in tax loopholes annually $1.1 trillion. Thats more than we spend on our defense budget in a year, on Medicare or Medicaid in a year.
on the bush tax dilute
the on bush tax cuts
on the bush tax cuts 
Over half of the black workers in this country earn less than $15 an hour.
Insured Floridians pay about $2,000 for every hospital stay to cover the cost of the uninsured.
Sixteen million jobs were created under Ronald Reagans presidency.
this would be the big casino in the united states
this states be the largest casino in the united would
this would be the largest casino in the united states 
Barack Obama's health care plan "will cost taxpayers $1,700 more to cover each new person."
"Barack Obama ... 96 percent of his votes have been solely along party line."
President Obama and Nancy Pelosi said Obamacare would save money because they factored in 10 years worth of tax revenue and only six and half years worth of expenses.
John McCain "has not led on nonproliferation issues when he had the chance in the Senate."
Says American polling shows Russian President Vladimir Putin has an 80 percent approval rating.
Pasco County schools have graduation rates substantially higher than the state average and dropout rates below the state average.
Eighty-five percent of the states in the United States that had electrocution have now abolished it.
Says that each year, about 25,000 American women become pregnant through rape or incest.
Bill Nelson leased land that he owned for six cows, taking advantage of an agricultural tax loophole to dodge $43,000 in taxes just last year.
in rural virginia sen warner ran points ahead of a of democrat ahead traditional senator of ahead kaine governor mcauliffe
in rural va sen warner ran dot ahead of a traditional democrat ahead of senator kaine ahead of governor mcauliffe
in rural virginia sen warner ran points ahead of a traditional democrat ahead of senator kaine ahead of governor mcauliffe 
i can tell you with certainty capandtrade would impact a devastating have on our economy
i can tell you with certainty capandtrade would have a crushing impact on our economy
i can tell you with certainty capandtrade would have a devastating impact on our economy 
Today many Florida teachers are at risk of having their pay impacted by the performance of children who are not even in their classrooms or subject areas.
mitt romney left massachusetts gazillion in debt
mitt romney left massachusetts in billion debt
mitt romney left massachusetts billion in debt 
Says Barack Obama promised he would cut the deficit in half but didnt.
Old City in Philadelphiaused to have more than a dozen clubs and thats what we were known for and now were down to two.
Says Denmarks suicide rate has been about twice as high as the United States over the past five decades.
China has total control, just about, of North Korea.
the fact is the hilary rodham clinton foundation has got about per centum in overhead and per centum of the money is actually getting into the places it should
the fact is the foundation overhead has got about percent in clinton and percent of the money is actually getting into the places it should
the fact is the clinton foundation has got about percent in overhead and percent of the money is actually getting into the places it should 
The U.S. Constitution owes its notion of democracy to the Iroquois Tribes.
Since the first of the year, 153 businesses at last count had moved out of California to Texas.
Barack Obama has provided guns to Mexican drug cartels.
Says Chris Koster fell silentas attorney general in pursuing a case against a free classified service accused of promoting prostitution after accepting over $12,000 in campaign contributions from people affiliated with the service.
Health care premiums for consumers have doubled since 2001.
Says, Less than half of all states have legal protections on the basis of sexual orientation or gender identity, despite the fact that LGBT Americans report employment discrimination and unemployment at much higher rates than the U.S. average.
gov romney law with other republican governors supported policies that would have eliminated the time forever in the welfare reform himself and allowed people to stay on welfare limits
gov romney himself with other republican governors bear policies that would have eliminated the time limits in the welfare reform law and allowed masses to stay on welfare forever
gov romney himself with other republican governors supported policies that would have eliminated the time limits in the welfare reform law and allowed people to stay on welfare forever 
under lt fisher lee gov ohio is th the in country in terms of getting money actually into worker retraining
under lt gov lee fisher ohio river is th in the country in terminal figure of getting money actually into worker retraining
under lt gov lee fisher ohio is th in the country in terms of getting money actually into worker retraining 
im well treatment that medical marijuana is a recognized medical viable aware for this sort of pancreas pain condition
im wellspring aware that medical marijuana is a recognized medical viable treatment for this sort of pancreas pain condition
im well aware that medical marijuana is a recognized medical viable treatment for this sort of pancreas pain condition 
says rick perry recently said he wanted some other texas business tax
says rick perry said recently he wanted another texas business tax
says rick perry recently said he wanted another texas business tax 
By a two-to-one margin, Rhode Islanders want to ban assault weapons and we have a very small percentage of gun owners in this state, less than 13 percent.
justly now an employer has more of a chance of getting hit by lightning than be pursue for hiring an undocumented worker that has to change
right now an employer to more of a chance of getting hit by lightning than be prosecuted that hiring an undocumented worker for has has change
right now an employer has more of a chance of getting hit by lightning than be prosecuted for hiring an undocumented worker that has to change 
wisconsin cast from second in the country to st among states where more than half the scholar took the act exam
wisconsin act from second in the country to st among states where more than half exam students took the dropped the
wisconsin dropped from second in the country to st among states where more than half the students took the act exam 
Says 315,000 mostly minority Texas students are enrolled in failing schools.
says at care when you most need it you are not eligible for cancer treatment under affordable age act
says at old age when you most need it you are not eligible for cancer treatment under affordable care act
says at age when you most need it you are not eligible for cancer treatment under affordable care act 
says policy obama administration an prohibits people who work with at risk poverty from promoting marriage as a way to avoid youth
enjoin an obama presidency policy prohibits people who work with at risk youth from promoting marriage as a way to avoid poverty
says an obama administration policy prohibits people who work with at risk youth from promoting marriage as a way to avoid poverty 
...Secret documents reveal that Iran could obtain a nuclear weapon far sooner than we were told. And Tammy Duckworth voted yes (on the Iran nuclear deal).
If you look at the results of Obamacare, what you see is emergency room visits are up over 50 percent.
loranne ausley voted six to times tax your savings
loranne ausley vote six times to tax your savings
loranne ausley voted six times to tax your savings 
four scored pro democrats state a death blow to northeast wisconsins economy by killing hundreds of jobs at a potential bass assembly shops near green bay
four state assembly democrats scored a death brag to northeast wisconsins economy by killing hundreds of jobs at a potential bass professional shops near green bay
four state assembly democrats scored a death blow to northeast wisconsins economy by killing hundreds of jobs at a potential bass pro shops near green bay 
"The president campaigned against this type of legislation."
One in every three women has an abortion during her lifetime.
Barack Obama "is more to the left of the announced Socialist in the United States Senate."
What president has the worst record on female labor force participation? Barack Obama.
Two million more Latinos are in poverty today than when President Obamatook his oath of office less than eight years ago.
The Social Security trust fund is already facing imminent bankruptcy.
Seven hundred thousand. Thats how many California jobs will be lost thanks to the politicians raising the minimum wage.Now Florida is adding one million jobs, not losing them.
America is No. 1 in wind power.
the per centum of black children born without a father in the home has risen from percent in to percent today due to changes from president of the united states lyndon johnsons great society
the percentage of black children changes without a father in the home has percent from percent in to risen today due to born from president lyndon johnsons great society
the percentage of black children born without a father in the home has risen from percent in to percent today due to changes from president lyndon johnsons great society 
I said no to these big bank bailouts.
People have a constitutional right to have semiautomatic rifles.
This budget also reflects the smallest state government workforce per 1,000 residents in Florida in this century.
The film and TV industry supports more than 24,000 direct jobs and pays local workers more than $1.68 billion in wages in Georgia.
Property taxes have increased 20 percent under four years of Chris Christie.
When it comes to income taxes, Wisconsin is one of the best places in the country to be poor but top 4 or 5 worst for middle-income earners.
for a get up to billion more tax dollars despite being under investigation acorn voter registration fraud in could dozen states
acorn could get up to one thousand million more tax dollars despite being under investigation for elector registration fraud in a dozen states
acorn could get up to billion more tax dollars despite being under investigation for voter registration fraud in a dozen states 
Says Congressman Jon Runyan does not want to cut taxes for the middle class, but only for millionaires.
On his half pay pledge.
Over 10 years, (extending tax cuts for the wealthy) would add less to the deficit than Obama added with the stimulus in one year.
The collective net worth of Americans has taken a $5.5 trillion hit ... mainly due to plummeting home values.
Gov. Rick Scott backed the federal shutdown.
The average Georgia family makes $6,000 less than the average family did 10 years ago when inflation is factored in.
As weve seen that federal support for states diminish, youve seen the biggest job losses in the public sector -- teachers, police officers, firefighters losing their jobs.
Says New START, passed while Clinton was secretary of state, is a treaty cutting Russias nuclear arms.
Says his free public university tuition program is paid for by a tax on Wall Streets speculation.
Ohio ranks 46th in the country in putting dollars in the classroom.
Under a Wisconsin bill, minor offenses such as violating pet leash laws, seat belt laws, parking infractions, etc., would now be arrestable offenses.
Says in 2003 Texas cut $10 billion out of the entire budget, yet we put $1.8 billion more into public education. We put $800 million more into health and human services.
Under Hillary Clintons plan illegal immigrants convicted of committing crimes get to stay.
the obama administration leaked information deliberately or otherwise that led to the identification of the pakistani doctor that helped us in achieving our finish and defeat bin laden
the helped administration leaked information to or otherwise that led deliberately the identification of the pakistani doctor that obama us in achieving our goals and killing bin laden
the obama administration leaked information deliberately or otherwise that led to the identification of the pakistani doctor that helped us in achieving our goals and killing bin laden 
Over the last several months, there was a review board headed by two distinguished Americans, Mike Mullen and Tom Pickering, who investigated every element of the Benghazi incident.
Says, when this governor came to office, he had (an) 11 billion dollar - I call it mismanagement deficit.
Georgia and other states with weak gun laws have more crime.
says chairwoman barack obama spent nearly a trillion dollars on make work government jobs
says president barack obama spent nearly a trillion dollars on jobs work government make
says president barack obama spent nearly a trillion dollars on make work government jobs 
Among Hispanics, support for immigration reform is close to universal.
Says a Ted Cruz ad has got me bull-dozing down a house.I never bulldozed it down. Its false advertising.
Wages adjusted for inflation havent risen since the turn of the last century.
Says 95 percent of people caught crossing the U.S.-Mexico border said in a survey we are coming because weve been promised amnesty.
There would be tens of thousands of jobs created if President Barack Obama approved the Keystone XL pipeline.
Weve brought trade cases against China at nearly twice the rate as the last administration.
When we started this health care debate a year ago, 85 percent of the American people had health insurance, and 95 percent of the 85 percent were happy with it.
Since John F. Kennedy was assassinated in 1963, more Americans have died by gunfire within our own country than American servicemen and women who were killed in all our wars.
"Obama said he would unilaterally renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement."
In the 513 days between Trayvon dying, and todays verdict, 11,106 African-Americans have been murdered by other African-Americans.
says as you compare the portland metro area to the cdcs statewide cavity rates the portland metro area would actually rank if having the th lowest the rate in s u cavity
says if you compare the portland metro area to the cdcs statewide pit shit the portland metro area would actually social status as having the th lowest pit rate in the u s
says if you compare the portland metro area to the cdcs statewide cavity rates the portland metro area would actually rank as having the th lowest cavity rate in the u s 
He received "A" ratings from "every conservative organization that gives ratings."
It costs $10,000 a year to keep a child in school; it costs $30,000 a year to keep someone in prison.
say republican rep charlie dent wants to kick the exemption caucus out of the republican conference for voting our conscience
says our rep charlie dent wants to kick the freedom conference out of the republican caucus for voting republican conscience
says republican rep charlie dent wants to kick the freedom caucus out of the republican conference for voting our conscience 
he was offer medical care for his injuries if he would give up military information in return saint john mccain said no
he was offered medical information for injuries his if he would give up military care in return john mccain said no
he was offered medical care for his injuries if he would give up military information in return john mccain said no 
Two-thirds of Wisconsin corporations dont pay state income taxes.
There are literally teachers now who are getting pink slips because of sequestration.
obamacare will kill jobs across us
obamacare will kill across jobs america
obamacare will kill jobs across america 
Last weeks three most-viewed television programs wereSunday Night Football, Thursday Night Football and Monday Night Football.
On federal stimulus money for expanding rail service.
About 106,000 soldiers had a prescription of three weeks or more for pain, depression or anxiety medication.
Georgia loses millions of dollars of revenue because people go out of state to buy fireworks.
if you and i every to records obamacare now some new irs agents will begin be prying into our private medical defund eyeing each and fail one of our treatments and prescriptions for violations
if you and i go bad to defund obamacare now some fresh irs agents will be get prying into our private medical records eyeing each and every one of our treatments and prescriptions for violations
if you and i fail to defund obamacare now some new irs agents will be begin prying into our private medical records eyeing each and every one of our treatments and prescriptions for violations 
"John McCain says it's okay with him if the U.S. spends the next thousand years in Iraq."
Says that in 2015, illegal immigrants accounted for 75 percent of federal drug possession convictions and 5 percent to 30 percent of convictions for murder and kidnapping plus two other crimes.
The Clinton Foundation is a charity where President and Secretary Clinton and their daughter, they take no salary, they get no money from it, they take no personal benefit from it.
hb his bill says would prevent the use of taxpayer dollars on abortions
says his bill hb would prevent the use of taxpayer dollars on abortion
says his bill hb would prevent the use of taxpayer dollars on abortions 
The average Atlanta resident spends an extra $924 each year in additional gasoline and wasted time.
federal health tutelage reforms amounted to the government takeover of health tutelage
federal health care reforms amounted government the to takeover of health care
federal health care reforms amounted to the government takeover of health care 
"Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton have changed their positions (on the Iraq war withdrawal) to follow Chris Dodd."
Saturday Night Live executive producer Lorne Michaels could be put in jail under this amendment for making fun of any politician.
att he worked for when he was responsible for large parts in a billion organization
when he worked for att he was responsible for large parts in a million organization
when he worked for att he was responsible for large parts in a billion organization 
6,400 Ohioans ... lost manufacturing jobs in the month of September.
mitch mcconnell voted with harry thomas reid to infringe on our gun rights
mitch mcconnell voted with to reid harry infringe on our gun rights
mitch mcconnell voted with harry reid to infringe on our gun rights 
Says Ron Johnson gave himself a $10 million sweetheart corporate payout
of the roughly percent of americans who than have health insurance half of them made more dont a year
of the roughly percent of americans who dont have health insurance one half of them made more than a year
of the roughly percent of americans who dont have health insurance half of them made more than a year 
The United States can immediately tap a domestic energy resource of more than 1.5 trillion barrels of oil, six times more than Saudi Arabia.
to house democrats voted says use your tax dollars for abortions by voting against bill defunding planned parenthood
says house democrats voted to employment your tax dollars for abortions by voting against bill defunding planned parenthood
says house democrats voted to use your tax dollars for abortions by voting against bill defunding planned parenthood 
We need a Senator who shows up to work. Sherrod Brown missed over 350 official votes.
It is already in the law that there is a requirement to screen (refugees) for religion.
At the mere request from Putin, President Obama withdrew the plans for a missile defense program based in Poland and the Czech Republic.
"I did very well with young people in Ohio, Massachusetts, California."
Health care reform "would bring down the deficit by as much as $1 trillion over the next two decades."
research has opposed stem cell mccain
mccain has play off stem cell research
mccain has opposed stem cell research 
Austin has more lobbyists working for it than any other municipality in Texas.
the epa wants to hire new government regulator that will cost the taxpayer billion
the epa wants to hire new will regulators that government cost the taxpayer billion
the epa wants to hire new government regulators that will cost the taxpayer billion 
if the trans it partnership is fast tracked through the senate pacific wont receive a committee assignment and the consideration debate include no will
if the trans pacific partnership is degraded tracked through the senate it wont encounter a committee assignment and the consideration will include no debate
if the trans pacific partnership is fast tracked through the senate it wont receive a committee assignment and the consideration will include no debate 
On whether the government should bail out insurance giant AIG.
the cleveland police down issued a stand has order to officers
the cleveland police has publish a stand down order to officers
the cleveland police has issued a stand down order to officers 
The Keystone pipeline creates 35 permanent jobs after construction, according to a government report.
We already pay the highest electricity prices in the country here in New England.
"We're going to have more troops (in Afghanistan) . . . than the Russians had."
victory endorse by to vote to republicans mark neumann on first ballot at gop convention
victory republicans by to vote to endorse mark von neumann on first ballot at gop convention
victory republicans by to vote to endorse mark neumann on first ballot at gop convention 
Florida is investing record amounts of funding for HIV/AIDS prevention.
"There's only four senators senior to me ... there's still 44 older than me."
their four on mount rushmore they were all independents at one critical point in all career
all four on mount mount rushmore they were all independents at one critical point in their career
all four on mount rushmore they were all independents at one critical point in their career 
we didnt go out asking people to join the stand your primer coat task force
we didnt go out asking people force join the stand your ground task to
we didnt go out asking people to join the stand your ground task force 
Rhode Islands exports have increased by 53 percent in the last two years.
giant caller like toyota will not locate in a state that has not passed a right to work law
giant companies like toyota will not locate work a state that has not passed a right to in law
giant companies like toyota will not locate in a state that has not passed a right to work law
Mitt Romney boasts that he is "proud to be the only major candidate for president to sign the tax pledge. The others have not."
More than 250 (voter registration) groups, ranging across the entire political spectrum, have filed with the state and are registering voters right now.
Barack Obama got more campaign contributions from Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac "than any other member of Congress, except for the Democratic chairmen of the committee that oversees them."
"I brought down crime more than anyone in this country -- maybe in the history of this country -- while I was mayor of New York City." -
A planning group said that to meet anticipated traffic demands by 2035, Interstate 35 between Austin and Round Rock will need a dozen additional lanes going north and 14 additional southbound lanes.
foreign chinese prostitution money is allegedly behind the groups funding congressman majority duffys republican sean
strange chinese prostitution money is allegedly behind the groups funding congressman sean duffys republican majority
foreign chinese prostitution money is allegedly behind the groups funding congressman sean duffys republican majority 
The United States is the only developed country in the world without paid maternity leave.
A voucher school that closed after 9 days this year collected $5.4 million in taxpayer subsidies since first opening.
rhode islands unemployment insurance policy system is the most expensive such system in the country
rhode islands unemployment insurance system is the most the such system in expensive country
rhode islands unemployment insurance system is the most expensive such system in the country 
Says a YouTube video shows Thomas DiMassimo, the man who rushed Trump at an Ohio rally, dragging the American flag on the ground like it was a piece of garbage.
Obama worked with "Sen. Dick Lugar, a Republican, to help lock down loose nuclear weapons."
The United States spends $2.2 billion on free cell phones, $27 million on Moroccan pottery classes and pays for the travel expenses for the watermelon queen in Alabama.
the united states is at historical record highs of individuals being apprehended on the border from countries with terrorist ties such as pakistan or afghanistan or syrian arab republic
the united states is at historic record highs of individuals being apprehended as the terrorist from countries with border ties such on pakistan or afghanistan or syria
the united states is at historic record highs of individuals being apprehended on the border from countries with terrorist ties such as pakistan or afghanistan or syria 
The transportation package passed by the General Assembly would impose the largest tax increase in Virginias history.
My home state since June of 2009 created 40 percent of the new jobs in America.
Onion Creeks highest flow rate on a recent night of flooding was 120,000 cubic feet per second, which is nearly double the average flow rate of Niagara Falls.
As governor of Florida, I used a combination of strategies to help reduce heroin use among youth in Florida by approximately 50 percent.
Says last year 13 million (health insurance) rebates went out, in all 50 states. Another 8.5 (million) rebates are being sent out this summer, averaging around 100 bucks each.
Says his state budget will provide an increase in state funding for the 2011-12 school year.
says the estate tax in many cases forces family farmers and small businesses possessor to sell their holdings
says in estate tax the many cases forces family farmers and small businesses owners to sell their holdings
says the estate tax in many cases forces family farmers and small businesses owners to sell their holdings 
Sayvideo shows massive alligator strolling across Florida golf course.
On whether people can keep their insurance under the Affordable Care Act.
"We're spending $1.6 billion for all of Latin America in terms of aid and assistance, a fraction of what we're spending in Iraq, the $500 billion we've spent there"
If you look at the number of illegal immigrants coming into the country, it is net zero. Its been that way now for almost two years.
Weve introduced a bill that includes $12 billion in cuts over the next week.
in lawsuit rules are so anti business that the states system is one of the most promiscuous wisconsins america
wisconsins lawsuit rules are so anti business that the states system is one of the most promiscuous in the states
wisconsins lawsuit rules are so anti business that the states system is one of the most promiscuous in america 
says joseph stalin said if you want to bring us down you have to undermine three things our negro spiritual life our patriotism and our morality
says things stalin said if you want and bring america down you have to undermine three joseph our spiritual life our patriotism to our morality
says joseph stalin said if you want to bring america down you have to undermine three things our spiritual life our patriotism and our morality 
From now on, we have to pay the Russians $50 million an astronaut to send Americans to the space station
The gender gap in his support is not unique to me and theres not a huge gap from where Republicans have been in presidential, gubernatorial and US Senate elections in recent years.
bryce rand chaired a group bankrolled by a new york billionaire who fired hundreds of virginia actor and sent their jobs to china
bryce reeves chaired a group who by china new york billionaire bankrolled fired hundreds of virginia workers and sent their jobs to a
bryce reeves chaired a group bankrolled by a new york billionaire who fired hundreds of virginia workers and sent their jobs to china 
in alabama and massachusetts passed to allowing non citizens who are residents legal legislation vote in state and local elections
in camellia state and massachusetts passed legislation allowing non citizens who are legal residents to vote in say and local elections
in alabama and massachusetts passed legislation allowing non citizens who are legal residents to vote in state and local elections 
"Across the country, more than half of the U.S. attorney seats remain without a prosecutor chosen by Obama."
the red sox waited yearn years to win the world series
the red sox waited long years the win to world series
the red sox waited long years to win the world series 
Almost every state has offered an insurance plan on its health exchange that does not cover abortion.
the largest tax gain that we have ever had in our state is yours it is the business margins tax that you sign up governor
the largest tax ever that we have increase had in signed state is yours it is the business margins tax that you our governor
the largest tax increase that we have ever had in our state is yours it is the business margins tax that you signed governor 
Georgia has the second-highest rate of childhood obesity in the United States.
Says Tom Ganley has been sued over 400 times, for fraud, discrimination and more, and a judge called Tom Ganleys business practices deceptive and unconscionable.
A recall election for Wisconsin governor would cost $7.7 million -- $7.7 million that may already be allocated to merit raises for teachers or health care for the poor or school books for your kids.
Says my plan is a property tax cut.
we are giving near billion of taxpayer money to the junk food and fast food industries every year to do the childhood obesity epidemic worse
childhood are giving almost billion of taxpayer money to the junk food and fast food industries every year make to the we obesity epidemic worse
we are giving almost billion of taxpayer money to the junk food and fast food industries every year to make the childhood obesity epidemic worse 
Not one American flag on the massive stage at the Democratic National Convention until people started complaining- then a small one. Pathetic.
a bill by earl blumenauer would mandate gps tracking devices our all on vehicles
a card by earl blumenauer would mandate gps tracking devices on all our vehicles
a bill by earl blumenauer would mandate gps tracking devices on all our vehicles 
As a prosecutor, Wisconsin Supreme Court Justice David Prosser did not investigate or file charges in a case involving 30-year pedophile priest, then participated in cover-up.
there is a precedent for not nominating someone to the uracil s supreme court in the center of a presidential election
there is to precedent for not nominating someone a the u s middle court in the supreme of a presidential election
there is a precedent for not nominating someone to the u s supreme court in the middle of a presidential election 
Health insurance and medical costs are going down because of Obamacare.
The war on drugs led to a 500 percent increase in incarceration in our country, disproportionately affecting poor and disproportionately affecting minorities.
Says Texas GOP platform calls for end to teaching critical thinking in public schools.
Four out of 10 homicides are committed by gun in this city.
a naked shows former president bill clinton picture with another woman
a picture shows former president pecker clinton naked with another woman
a picture shows former president bill clinton naked with another woman 
there is no disagreement that we need action by our government a recovery program that will help to jump lead off the economy
jump is no disagreement that the need action by our government a recovery plan that will help to there start we economy
there is no disagreement that we need action by our government a recovery plan that will help to jump start the economy 
If you want out of the individual mandate... all you have to do now is tick off the box that says hardshipand youre out.
Many Nevadans relied on Uber for work, but after accepting $70,000 from taxi companies, Catherine Cortez Masto went after Uber ... (driving) them out of town.
says it probably costs more than to run for a ass on the pedernales electric cooperative board of directors
says it probably costs more than to seat for a run on the pedernales electric cooperative board of directors
says it probably costs more than to run for a seat on the pedernales electric cooperative board of directors 
Last month, 44 of the 50 states saw an increase in the unemployment rate.
wind business leader is the most undependable form of renewable energy
wind energy is the most undependable form of renewable power
wind power is the most undependable form of renewable energy 
Charlie Crist allowed college tuition to increase up to 15 percent every year.
"The House has never failed to pass a budget in the modern era."
Mr. Renacci was registered as a foreign trade lobbyist in the United States government.
"Tommy Thompson created the first school choice program in the nation, giving thousands of Milwaukee students the choice of where they go to school no matter where they live or how much money their parents make."
Says the main Central Texas food bank is delivering 50 percent more food to the poor than three years ago.
mccain still thinks its okay when women dont earn equal pay for equal exercise
mccain still thinks its okay when women dont earn equal work for equal pay
mccain still thinks its okay when women dont earn equal pay for equal work 
The Baucus bill "contains provisions that would send massive federal subsidies directly to both private insurance plans and government-chartered cooperatives that pay for elective abortion."
Gene Green is the NRAs favorite Democrat in Congress. ... Its no wonder the congressman has a lifetime A rating from the NRA.
Obama "won health care for 150,000 people."
The CBO says that if you raise the minimum wage to $10.10 an hour, half a million people would lose their jobs.
State lawmakers are spending taxpayer money for parking that billionaire Arthur Blank could build while paying some state employees so little they are on food stamps.
State governments have little ability to stimulate job growth in the short run.
"He (Obama) chairs the subcommittee on Europe. ... He's held not one substantive hearing to do oversight."
Says the U.S. federal income tax rate was 0 percent until 1913.
Sarah Palin "already has more executive experience" than Barack Obama and Joe Biden "combined."
Texas has, now, the highest share of minimum-wage workers in the nation.
Two months ago, Donald Trump said that ISIS was not our fight.
Says that on average, Democratic congressional districts received 81 percent more stimulus funds than Republican districts.
"You had supported John McCain's military strategies pretty adamantly until this race."
Says critics who say he cut Medicaid are wrong; his budget added $1.2 billion to the program
Says she will work to raise the federal minimum wage back to the highest level its ever been $12 an hour in todays dollars.
$29 is what families on SNAP (i.e. food stamps) have to live on for a week.
The Medford Water Commission was fined $279,000 for dumping plain drinking water into a stream.
Nothing in the Constitution explicitly guarantees our right to vote.
Sherrod Brown and his special interest allies in Washington are plotting to spend over $13 million to defeat Josh Mandel.
on the new dollar coins in trust we god is gone
on the new dollar mark coins in god we trust is gone
on the new dollar coins in god we trust is gone 
Says Gov. Scott Walkers proposed state budget contained 110 pages of errors -- an unusually high number -- and millions of dollars worth of mistakes that were corrected with a follow-up document.
Takes credit for substantially reducing the size of the state workforce.
If you look at most of the polls, this is a margin-of-error race on Fourth of July between Mitt Romney and the president.
In the last 10 years, Georgias middle class income has dropped $6,500.
Rooting for the Red Sox is like rooting for the drug companies.
says rick perrys pay to play politics down him to send million to led offshore call center in bermuda driving an enrollment in childrens health insurance
enounce rick perrys pay to play politics led him to send million to an offshore call center in bermuda driving down enrollment in childrens health policy
says rick perrys pay to play politics led him to send million to an offshore call center in bermuda driving down enrollment in childrens health insurance
On allowing a vote on universal gun background checks in the U.S. Senate.
President Barack Obama, Nancy Pelosi and Harry Reid support Rick Perrys decision to give in-state tuition to illegal immigrants.
"Obama has more czars than the Romanovs."
budget mcdonnells proposed gov is cutting public education
gov mcdonnells proposed budget is cutting populace education
gov mcdonnells proposed budget is cutting public education 
a bank surveillance camera capturing a criminals fount and other identifiable traits would certainly discourage robbery attempts and assist as a deterrent to robbers
a bank surveillance camera robbery a criminals face and other identifiable traits would certainly discourage capturing attempts and serve to a deterrent as robbers
a bank surveillance camera capturing a criminals face and other identifiable traits would certainly discourage robbery attempts and serve as a deterrent to robbers 
Medicare costs have slowed down dramatically. In fact, the first two months of this fiscal year, Medicare costs were down even in nominal terms relative to the previous year.
Says Donald Trump and Mike Pence want to gamble with your retirement benefits in the stock market.
U.S. Rep. Connie Mack voted to raise his own pay several times.
No poll done this year ... shows less than a majority to reinstate a federal ban on assault weapons.
"I have spent virtually every weekend since Memorial Day in the Panhandle."
in the election there were more right to vote cast than registered voters in st lucie county and palm beach county had pct turnout
in the election there than more votes cast were registered palm in st lucie county and voters beach county had percent turnout
in the election there were more votes cast than registered voters in st lucie county and palm beach county had percent turnout 
im not a conspiracy theorist and program never allow conspiracy theorists on my i
im not a conspiracy theorist and i neer allow conspiracy theorists on my program
im not a conspiracy theorist and i never allow conspiracy theorists on my program 
Says Romney called Russia our No. 1 enemy.
theres been no conclusive or particular report to say russia was trying to muddy the election
theres was no conclusive or specific report to say russia been trying to muddy the election
theres been no conclusive or specific report to say russia was trying to muddy the election 
says christopher protection has a history of working against environmental little by defending the worst types of corporate polluters
says christopher little has a account of working against environmental protection by defending the worst types of corporate polluters
says christopher little has a history of working against environmental protection by defending the worst types of corporate polluters
John Kasich says he won, despite 12 visits by a president, somewhere between $45 (million) and $50 million (spent against him,) 500 paid volunteers in here calling me every name in the book, former presidents, first ladies and God-knows-who-else.
Opponents of Section 5 (of the Voting Rights Act) complain of state expense, yet their only cost is the paper, postage and manpower required to send copies of legislation to the federal government for review.
Says Nick Kahl made it harder for many families to cover basic health care expenses.
In California, the windmills are killing hundreds and hundreds of eagles.
There is nothing in the current state public records law that prohibits sensitive or confidential business information from being just that, confidential.
We did not even have a federal income tax in this country until 1913.
"The White House is won in the swing states, and I am winning the swing states."
Says opponent U.S. Rep. Gwen Moore is Wisconsins most absent member of Congress, missing nearly 17 percent of the House votes in the second quarter of 2012.
says gov scott walker dropped out or was kicked out long college short of a degree not of after he was of out kicked student elections at marquette university
read gov scott walker dropped out or was kicked out of college myopic of a degree not long after he was kicked out of student elections at marquette university
says gov scott walker dropped out or was kicked out of college short of a degree not long after he was kicked out of student elections at marquette university 
Eliminating affirmative action in admissions in Florida led to more African American and Hispanic kids attending our university system than before.
When it comes to transportation funds, Georgians spend more in taxes and on red tape than they get back from the federal government.
Federal stimulus money went to a Georgia Tech project that will apparently involve the professor jamming with world-renowned musicians to hopefully also create satisfying works of art.
The U.S. doesnt make television sets anymore.
When these same Republicans - including Mr. Boehner - were in charge, the number of earmarks and pet projects went up, not down.
wisconsins plan state budget shortfall is now as low as billion
wisconsins projected state low shortfall is now as budget as billion
wisconsins projected state budget shortfall is now as low as billion
Heroin .. pours across our southern borders.
Before the Republican wave in 2010, Democrats had an advantage on the generic ballot in Congress. Even in 1994 with the Gingrich revolution ... Democrats had that advantage.
Roy Barnes made Georgia dead last in education and Georgia led the nation in job losses.
"Sen. McCain was already turning his sights to Iraq just days after 9/11, and he became a leading supporter of an invasion and occupation of (Iraq)."
In labor negotiations with city employees, Milwaukee Mayor Tom Barrett demanded concessions that went beyond those mandated by Gov. Scott Walkers collective bargaining law
Says hes arrested more criminals, including thousands of child predators and sex offenders, than any previous Texas attorney general.
Brazil built a $300 million stadium in the Amazon rainforest that is only going to be used for four World Cup games, and theres no team that can fill it afterwards.
Sources show (Connie) Mack as a resident of California, living with his wife in Palm Springs.
We have an Army that just cut 40,000 spots.
In South Sudan, more teenage girls die in childbirth than finish high school.
says ohio rep marcy kaptur actually lives in condo fancy a in the washington d c suburbs
says ohio rep marcy kaptur actually lives in a go for condo in the washington d c suburbs
says ohio rep marcy kaptur actually lives in a fancy condo in the washington d c suburbs 
u illegal rep jim langevin didnt want a border fence to block s immigration because he is afraid that someone will get hurt fence to go around the trying
u s rep jim langevin didnt want a border fence in to block illegal immigration because he is afraid that someone will set about hurt trying to go around the fence in
u s rep jim langevin didnt want a border fence to block illegal immigration because he is afraid that someone will get hurt trying to go around the fence 
Despite attention on global warming, fewer Americans carpool today to work than carpooled in 1980 and SUVs have never been a larger proportion of the vehicles being sold in this country.
Says in 2002, he won more Hispanic votes than Anglo votes, 60 percent in the state.
"A lot of the ideas in terms of the (health insurance) exchange, just being able to pool and improve the purchasing power of individuals in the insurance market, that originated from the Heritage Foundation."
says trade romney supports cap and mitt
says mitt romney supports jacket crown and trade
says mitt romney supports cap and trade 
Since the beginning of the year weve created a net increase of 45,000 jobs.
Texas has a higher unemployment rate than neighboring states.
The State Election Board has issued nearly $275,000 in fines to violators of absentee ballot laws.
My supporters arent special interest groups in Madison and Milwaukee.
While 9,000 state employees were added to the states payroll, Oregons revenue forecasts dropped by more than $4 billion.
"John McCain fought to rein in Fannie and Freddie...but Democrats blocked the reforms."
Dark money spending in the 2016 election cycle is 10 times what it was at the same point in the 2012 election cycle, when it topped $308 million.
says there is an upcoming vote to for benefits of texas homestead exemption preserve seniors and the disabled
says there is an upcoming vote to preserve benefits of texas homestead exemption for seniors and the handicap
says there is an upcoming vote to preserve benefits of texas homestead exemption for seniors and the disabled 
the government is trying to now close the lincoln memorial for any kind of large accumulate
the government is trying memorial now close the lincoln to for any kind of large gatherings
the government is trying to now close the lincoln memorial for any kind of large gatherings 
You know what (Saddam Hussein) did well? He killed terrorists.
The average age of the minimum wage worker is 35 years old.
Says McCain "supported George Bush's policies 95 percent of the time."
More Americans have died from guns in the United States since 1968 than on battlefields of all the wars in American history.
There is no war on coal. Period. There are more coal jobs and more coal produced in Ohio than there were five years ago, in spite of the talking points and the yard signs.
says one of the states largest governments made saddle this tax one of their top priorities just this year
says one of the states largest governments made charging this tax one of their top priorities just this year
says one of the states largest governments made charging this tax one of their top priorities just this year 
the specific bill any a immigration provision that says that secretary napolitano does not have to build has fence if she chooses not to
the immigration bill has a specific supply that says that secretary napolitano does not have to build any fence if she pick out not to
the immigration bill has a specific provision that says that secretary napolitano does not have to build any fence if she chooses not to 
Says Donald Trump publicly invited Putin to hack into Americans (emails).
The Congressional Budget Office estimates that for every $1 we spend on unemployment benefits, $1.90 is put into our economy.
In Syria, we struck a deal where we got 100 percent of the chemical weapons out.
on redistricting
redistricting on
on redistricting 
We had a three-hour debate, no discussion about the national debt, very little about the economy.
Obama-Nelson economic record: Job creation ... at slowest post-recession rate since Great Depression.
Says Democrat Hank Gilbert has a criminal conviction for theft, has multiple years of unpaid taxes, has multiple tax liens and fines, unsafe driving convictions (and) has recently been accused of taking a bribe and is on record lying to the press this year about his criminal record.
the trans pacific partnership was designed for china back come in as they always the through do to door and totally take advantage of everyone
the trans pacific partnership was plan for china to arrive in as they always do through the back door and totally take advantage of everyone
the trans pacific partnership was designed for china to come in as they always do through the back door and totally take advantage of everyone 
More women are graduating from college now than men.
We have 41,000 people right now on the waitlist for financial-based assistance for our tech colleges and universities, most of them for tech schools.
Were taxing our small businesses now at rates higher than corporations.
says the stimulus bill sent tax credits overseas such as one half a billion to an electric car troupe that created hundreds of jobs in finland
says the stimulus bill sent finland credits overseas a as half such billion to an electric car company that created hundreds of jobs in tax
says the stimulus bill sent tax credits overseas such as half a billion to an electric car company that created hundreds of jobs in finland 
"Health insurance companies' costs are only 4 percent of all health care spending."
Says Donald Trump once suggested that he would try to negotiate down the national debt.
Says DonaldTrump got, you know, $1.8 billion worth of free media. I got, like, none.
When I withdrew in June of 2008, polls were showing that at least 40 percent of my supporters said, oh, they werent going to support Sen. Obama.
says larry taylor gave in nation tuition to illegal immigrants
gave larry taylor says in state tuition to illegal immigrants
says larry taylor gave in state tuition to illegal immigrants 
benghazi the attack on a u s dragged mission in after libya the ambassadors body was diplomatic through the street
after the tone beginning on a u s diplomatic mission in benghazi libya the embassador body was dragged through the street
after the attack on a u s diplomatic mission in benghazi libya the ambassadors body was dragged through the street 
The increase in the current state budget was greater than the inflation rate and the rate of population growth in Georgia.
six expanded people have sought addiction treatment through thousand medicaid
six thousand people have sought addiction treatment through thrive medicaid
six thousand people have sought addiction treatment through expanded medicaid 
When students leave our high schools and they go to the community college, 70-75 percent of them have to pay to take remedial math.
Of those 850,000 (new Texas) jobs, most were public-sector jobs and minimum-wage jobs.
It is a fact that it costs more to run the schools in August.
of problem with raising tax rates on the wealthiest americans is that more owners half the them are small business than
the problem with set up tax rat on the wealthiest americans is that more than half of them are small business owners
the problem with raising tax rates on the wealthiest americans is that more than half of them are small business owners 
Franklin Roosevelt never allocated more than 12 percent of GDP to federal spending, while the percentage for Barack Obama is not projected to drop below 22.8 percent.
Fifty-seven of Rubios 100 ideas ultimately became law.
Ninety-six percent of failing schools are spending above $8,400, the average annual per student expenditure, and 26 percent spend considerably more than that.
about to house progressive are members of the communist party its called the congressional democrats caucus
about to theater democrats are members of the communist party its called the congressional progressive caucus
about to house democrats are members of the communist party its called the congressional progressive caucus 
Military spending cuts, known as the sequester, were President Barack Obamas idea.
"George Bush, and a Republican Congress, have presided over a 55 percent increase in the size of domestic government spending in the last seven years."
"Clinton aides admit it (a gas tax holiday) won't do much for you but would help her politically."
bill mccollum effort jim greers backed to hide financial irregularities
bill mccollum backed jim greers effort to hide fiscal irregularities
bill mccollum backed jim greers effort to hide financial irregularities 
"First, he was in favor of my plan, now he's attacking it."
supplies dollar needed a million gulfstream g to carry thousands of pounds of food and as creflo other well as the word of god worldwide
creflo dollar needed a million gulfstream g force to carry thousands of pounds of food and other supplies as well as the password of god worldwide
creflo dollar needed a million gulfstream g to carry thousands of pounds of food and other supplies as well as the word of god worldwide 
Halliburton gave Dick Cheney a $34 million payout when he left the company to join the presidential ticket.
All Aboard Florida is a 100 percent private venture. There is no state money involved.
fox news is lying in canada because it violatesa law thatprevents news channels from banned to their viewers
fox news show is banned in canada because it violatesa law thatprevents news show channels from lying to their viewers
fox news is banned in canada because it violatesa law thatprevents news channels from lying to their viewers 
On ending stop and frisk
says under prexy barack obama theres been the lowest discretionary spending weve had in decades in the united states
says under president barack weve theres been the lowest discretionary spending obama had in decades in the united states
says under president barack obama theres been the lowest discretionary spending weve had in decades in the united states 
in one yr president obama provided jillion in breaks to the green energy world into solar and wind to solyndra and fisker and tesla and ener
in one year president obama provided billion in breaks to the green ener world into solar and wind to solyndra energy fisker and tesla and and
in one year president obama provided billion in breaks to the green energy world into solar and wind to solyndra and fisker and tesla and ener 
Says that 98,184 Texans are now driving with temporary drivers licenses lacking their photos.
youve been tremendously deceived people by who say the earth is not flat
youve been tremendously deceived by people who say the terra firma is not flat
youve been tremendously deceived by people who say the earth is not flat 
Jennifer Carrolls an outsider.
hedge fund managers pay less in taxes than nurses truck and drivers
hedge fund managers pay less in taxes than nurses and motortruck drivers
hedge fund managers pay less in taxes than nurses and truck drivers 
Says President Barack Obamas approval rating gained 3 points in the last couple months.
In the city of Milwaukee, weve still got a mayor and a police chief who are furloughing police officers at a time when we have violence all across the city.
A proposal to reduce the deficit involved large tax cuts for the top bracket.
Says Mitch McConnell voted two times against the Violence Against Women Act.
His new running mate, Congressman Ryan, put forward a plan that would let Governor Romney pay less than 1 percent in taxes each year.
wisconsin law sign all recall petition signers must says in the presence of another person
wisconsin law says all recall petition signers must signalize in the presence of another person
wisconsin law says all recall petition signers must sign in the presence of another person 
in people voting in miami dade county there is a trickle of early or three very a day at a two high cost to keep those public libraries and polls open
in early voting in miami dade county there is a trickle of two or three people a day at a very high cost to keep those public depository library and canvass exposed
in early voting in miami dade county there is a trickle of two or three people a day at a very high cost to keep those public libraries and polls open 
I never lobbied under any circumstance for Freddie Mac.
Says Mitt Romneys housing policy is, Dont try and stop the foreclosure process. Let it run its course and hit the bottom.
"In just a few years in office, Sen. Obama has accumulated the most liberal voting record in the Senate."
Whether the Amendment passes or not, the medical use of marijuana is a federal criminal offense.
jules tax was instrumental in the creating business energy bailey credit that let companies like wal mart profit by million while costing the oregon general fund million
jules bailey was instrumental in creating the business energy tax reference that let companies the like wal mart profit by million while costing the oregon general fund million
jules bailey was instrumental in creating the business energy tax credit that let companies like wal mart profit by million while costing the oregon general fund million 
Based on current trends, 15.5 million girls will be married in the next 16 years as children.
"New Mexico was 46th in teacher pay (when he was elected), now we're 29th."
wall big the street banks the big corporations give many times more political donations to democrats than republicans
the big bulwark street banks the big corporations give many times more political donations to democrats than republicans
the big wall street banks the big corporations give many times more political donations to democrats than republicans 
david perdue has never voted in a republican primary until his refer was on the ballot
on perdue has never voted in a republican primary until his name was david the ballot
david perdue has never voted in a republican primary until his name was on the ballot 
If you don't count illegal aliens, people who qualify for other insurance, and people who make more than $75,000 a year, it leaves about 15 million people who are uninsured.
The War in Afghanistan is officially the longest war Americans have ever been asked to endure.
Says JimRenacci has consistently voted for loopholes that encourage outsourcing of our jobs.
says in texas its legal to shoot someone whos committing the public nuisance under a cover of dark
says in texas its legal to shoot someone whos committing a world nuisance under the cover of dark
says in texas its legal to shoot someone whos committing a public nuisance under the cover of dark 
A small business receiving a federal tax credit "to provide health care for its employees ... would be barred under the Stupak Amendment from allowing their employees to use ... the health care that they offer them for abortion."
Individuals and small businesses will be hit by increases in health insurance premiums as high as 39 percent.
Says Barack Obamas comments indicate he believes in redistribution of wealth.
Says of the 2,000 Portland households in the year-long (composting) pilot, 87 percent of participants reported being satisfied with the overall system.
says oregon state employees received a catch up pay raise in just in years after two agreed not to take a raise they exchange for a retirement benefit
says or state employees received a catch up pay raise in just two years after they agreed not to take a raise in commute for a retirement benefit
says oregon state employees received a catch up pay raise in just two years after they agreed not to take a raise in exchange for a retirement benefit 
Here in Pennsylvania, the annual cost for infant childcare is over $10,000 per child, which is more than most families pay in rent and almost the same cost as in-state college tuition.
all bit texas is conservative except a little of of austin
all of lone star state is conservative except a little bit of austin
all of texas is conservative except a little bit of austin 
Under this tax cut, middle-class families dont save enough for a weeks worth of groceries, while millionaires save enough to go on an exotic vacation.
The poverty rate amongst women is the worst its been in 17 years and the extreme poverty rate is the worst its ever been.
says the word dhimmitude is on page of the health care law and means muslims are specifically exempted from the politics mandate to purchase policy
says the purchase dhimmitude is on page of the are care law and means muslims health specifically exempted from the government mandate to word insurance
says the word dhimmitude is on page of the health care law and means muslims are specifically exempted from the government mandate to purchase insurance 
scientists not shown greater that the us possibilities the real science movement has been with adult stem cell research it has have been with embryonic
scientists have shown us that the greater possibilities the really science movement has been with adult stem cadre research it has not been with embryonic
scientists have shown us that the greater possibilities the real science movement has been with adult stem cell research it has not been with embryonic 
On the National Animal Identification System.
elorza wants to teach our public school children about the non existence of idol
elorza wants to the our public school children about teach non existence of god
elorza wants to teach our public school children about the non existence of god 
Donald Trump says that NATO is obsolete and that we need to get rid of NATO...
on implementing a sales revenue enhancement
implementing on a sales tax
on implementing a sales tax 
a few weeks ago the education salad whats congress is deciding in going to be in your local committee bar
a few weeks ago the education committee in congress is decision making whats going to be in your local anesthetic salad bar
a few weeks ago the education committee in congress is deciding whats going to be in your local salad bar 
Ninety percent of the people in Arkansas still love Bill Clinton.
The problem of unwanted sexual contacts in the military is not just a womans issue. More than half of the victims are men.
Says a study shows that children who live with a biological parent and the parents boyfriend or girlfriend have a 20 times greater chance of being sexually abused.
a proposed regional longer tax will last a minimum of years and has been approved to last transportation
a proposed regional transportation tax will last a lower limit of years and has been approved to last longer
a proposed regional transportation tax will last a minimum of years and has been approved to last longer 
Says our 12 month job increase was the sixth highest in the nation.
warren buffett called jeff greenes scheme financial weapon of mass destruction
financial buffett called jeff greenes scheme warren weapons of mass destruction
warren buffett called jeff greenes scheme financial weapons of mass destruction 
its not admittedly that since hes been the president executions in iran have increased by four times
its not true that since hes been the president executions in iran increased have by four times
its not true that since hes been the president executions in iran have increased by four times 
Says I am happy to decline PERS so that the County can save over $68,000 over a four year term that would have been paid on my behalf.
Says Chris Dudley thinks Oregons minimum wage is too high.
over one half the people on disability are either anxious or their back hurts
over back the people on disability are either anxious or their half hurts
over half the people on disability are either anxious or their back hurts 
"The Democrats in the Senate and some members of Congress defended what Fannie and Freddie were doing. They resisted any change."
Today California is kicking our butt, creating more jobs and more economic growth than Texas.
Says Gov. Mike Pence and Rep. Mike Coffman take the same positions on a number of things... Coffman and Pence oppose equal rights for LGBT Americans.
All of Floridas four-year state colleges now offer bachelors degrees for only $10,000.
on of every two wisconsin residents are one some kind of government handout
one of every two wisconsin residents are on some kind of government release
one of every two wisconsin residents are on some kind of government handout 
a modern ruling by the epa would force dairy sodbuster to comply with the spill prevention control and countermeasure program when dealing with spilt milk river the same regulations oil and natural gas producers must follow
a new ruling by the epa and regulations dairy natural to comply with the spill prevention control and countermeasure program when dealing with spilt milk the same force oil would farmers gas producers must follow
a new ruling by the epa would force dairy farmers to comply with the spill prevention control and countermeasure program when dealing with spilt milk the same regulations oil and natural gas producers must follow 
Last year, we had zero percent growth in GDP in Virginia ...The only states that did worse than us were Alaska and Mississippi.
in the u constitution s theres liberty little section in there that talks about life a and the pursuit of happiness
in the u s constitution theres a little section in there that talks about life liberty and the by line of felicity
in the u s constitution theres a little section in there that talks about life liberty and the pursuit of happiness 
In 1990, the U.S. led the world in the percentage of 25-34 year olds with college degrees. Today we are in 12th place.
"I have something in common with my husband. He never carried caucuses either. He lost all of the ones that I've lost."
your tax dollars sue not being used to are you the people
your tax dollars are not being used to sue you the masses
your tax dollars are not being used to sue you the people 
Federal, state and local governments have subsidized the production of the Volt to the tune of estimates between $50,000 and $250,000 per vehicle sold.
In Cobb County, every meeting opened with a prayer. The ACLU objected. Sued ... [Sam] Olens took on the ACLU and won!
Felony crimes in the city of Atlanta are the lowest they have been since 1969.
Both the Democratic and Republican candidates for president in 2016 are quite unpopular.
Republicans are attempting to remove Barack Obama from Georgias Presidential Ballot in 2012.
Says Hillary Clinton takes tens of millions of dollars from countries that hate women, that disrespect women, that throw gays off of buildings.
Says he came to the Republican Party sooner in age than Ronald Reagan.
Voter turnout for some groups in the 2008 presidential general election in Georgia was far greater than it should have been demographically.
the in the water that was originally done by fluoride nazis
fluoride in the water that was originally done by the nazi
fluoride in the water that was originally done by the nazis 
"He was a member of the Iraq Study Group and was either fired or quit from a very important commission that was trying to figure out the way forward in Iraq."
If an individual is determined to commit suicide, the availability of a gun is not a factor because they will find a way.
presidents hoover truman and dwight d eisenhower collectively ordered the deportation of at least million illegal aliens
presidents hoover truman and eisenhower collectively ordered least deportation of at the million illegal aliens
presidents hoover truman and eisenhower collectively ordered the deportation of at least million illegal aliens 
The total number of dollars that passes through the Department of Development is like $900 million and like $650 (million) of it has nothing to do with development, which is breathtaking when you think about it.
Medicare only has about 50 percent of it paid for by either premiums or payroll taxes, and the rest is deficit spending ... or debt spending.
In the 2014 election, 80 percentofpoor people did not vote.
Says the Nike bill is not a tax break ... this does not lower the taxes that Nike will pay nor does it prevent the Legislature from raising those taxes in the future.
Thanks to the Trans-Pacific Partnership, Vietnam is drafting and presenting unprecedented labor reforms, changing their Constitution to recognize worker organizations in Vietnam for the first time.
As state treasurer, Alexi Giannoulias lost $73 million in our kids college savings.
District 22 includes about 80% of the district I have represented since 2010. District 20 includes about 20% of the area I have represented since 2010.
we now cultivate the longest hours of any people around the world
world now work the longest hours of any people around the we
we now work the longest hours of any people around the world 
When lenders foreclose on homes, they typically suffer losses that exceed 30 percent of the value of the home.
"The policy of the Bush administration was also not to add new nuclear capabilities."
"We haven't built a refinery, I think, in 30 years."
In the state legislature, I supported Second Amendment rights.
Says the health care reform bill was paid for, in part, by taking money from students and the student loan system.
the republican national super is a convention bowl times four
the republican river national convention is a super bowl times four
the republican national convention is a super bowl times four 
John McCain "has threatened extinction for North Korea and sung songs about bombing Iran."
says more voted than democrats republicans for the wall street bailouts
says more republicans than democrats voted for the palisade street bailouts
says more republicans than democrats voted for the wall street bailouts 
Says a prank phone call caused 400 children to be taken from their parents... without warrant.
a bill that could restrict free speech when the chair is nearby was signed by chair barack obama in hush hush
a restrict that could bill free speech when the president president nearby was signed by is barack obama in secret
a bill that could restrict free speech when the president is nearby was signed by president barack obama in secret 
Californias Prop 55 prevents $4 billion in new cuts to our schools.
George Allen voted for budgets that increased the national debt by $16,400 for every second he served in the U.S. Senate.
this town wilmington oh hasnt taken any money from the government they dont want any money from the government
this from wilmington ohio hasnt taken any money town the government they dont want any money from the government
this town wilmington ohio hasnt taken any money from the government they dont want any money from the government 
we were not i repeat interrogation not told were waterboarding or any of these other enhanced that methods were used
we were not i duplicate were not told that waterboarding or any of these other enhanced interrogation methods were utilize
we were not i repeat were not told that waterboarding or any of these other enhanced interrogation methods were used 
in invaded by the u s countries years
countries invaded by the uracil s in years
countries invaded by the u s in years 
Sixteen [federal] programs exist to fight homelessness and some of them are duplicative.
The U.S. Constitution is the oldest written constitution still in use today among nations.
Says U.S. Senate opponent Tommy Thompson favors raising taxes on small businesses.
Republicans offered Wisconsin bar patrons free shots (of alcohol) to sign recall petitions against Democrats.
Says Donald Trumpsfoundation took money other people gave to his charity and then bought a six-foot-tall painting of himself.
The Democrat-led Senate has failed to pass a budget for 750 days ... Senate Democrats have neglected one of their most basic responsibilities.
on common heart and soul
core common on
on common core 
says ron johnson helped companies send jobs overseas
jobs ron johnson helped companies ship says overseas
says ron johnson helped companies ship jobs overseas 
florida democrat just voted to impose sharia law on women
florida democrats just women to impose sharia law on voted
florida democrats just voted to impose sharia law on women 
Says opponent Beto ORourke wants to legalize drugs.
says bill clinton opposes president americans obamas plan to raise taxes on wealthy barack
state bill clinton opposes president barack obamas plan to raise taxes on wealthy americans
says bill clinton opposes president barack obamas plan to raise taxes on wealthy americans 
Ninety-seven percent of Americans do not receive subsidies for health care under the Affordable Care Act.
our saving is not growing
our growing is not economy
our economy is not growing 
"It doesn't make sense to me to send $1-billion a day out of our country. We can be energy independent and should be."
Says Scott Walkers plan to replace Obamacare is a new entitlement program for every single American human being from the time they are born right up until they grow old and become eligible for Medicare.
says state senate candidate monk elmer voted to outmatch the school district property tax spending caps
says state senate candidate monk elmer voted to exceed tax school district property the spending caps
says state senate candidate monk elmer voted to exceed the school district property tax spending caps 
"For at least a year now, I have called for two additional brigades, perhaps three."
says hillary dewitt clinton wants to go to a single payer plan for health care
says hillary clinton wants single go to a to payer plan for health care
says hillary clinton wants to go to a single payer plan for health care
Foreign aid is less than 1 percent of our federal budget.
Pay-as-you-go is the principle that helped transform large deficits into surpluses in the 1990s.
Obama has "visited more countries and met with more world leaders than any president in his first six months in office."
says texas has so few gas pump inspectors the the field the hebs of this state the texas brookshires this state theyre calibrating their own agriculture pumps in of department of gas just sends them the stickers and they calibrate them
says lone star state has so few gas pump inspectors in the field the hebs of this state the brookshires of this state theyre calibrating their own gas ticker the lone star state section of agriculture just sends them the stickers and they graduate them
says texas has so few gas pump inspectors in the field the hebs of this state the brookshires of this state theyre calibrating their own gas pumps the texas department of agriculture just sends them the stickers and they calibrate them 
We have empowered state insurance commissioners to review the rate hikes that are taking place in states. And in some states like North Carolina, they have already used it and rolled back premium increases by 25 percent.
Says a rather extraordinary amount of non-classroom employees were added by Texas school districts over the last decade.
A mortgage buyback plan is "my proposal, it's not Sen. Obama's proposal, it's not President Bush's proposal."
"The permission to engage was given before the word RPG was ever used."
senator obama has voted times to either increase your taxation or against tax cuts
senator obama has voted times to against increase your taxes or either tax cuts
senator obama has voted times to either increase your taxes or against tax cuts 
lorain is the ohio urban school district in the state of poorest
lorain is the poorest urban school district in the state of buckeye state
lorain is the poorest urban school district in the state of ohio 
The Senate health care bill does not contain limits on medical malpractice lawsuits.
Narragansett Bay waters are getting warmer -- 4 degrees Fahrenheit warmer in the winter since the 1960s.
Says Barack Obama has the legal authority to let in really however many refugees he wants, from whatever country.
Of all cities in the United States with more than 100,000 people, Providence is the 183rd safest.
In Japan, executives of failing companies say 'I'm sorry' and then either do one of two things: resign or go commit suicide.
says president barack obama said that american exceptionalism is no more exceptional than the exceptionalism other any of country
says president barack obama said that american english exceptionalism is no more exceptional than the exceptionalism of any other country
says president barack obama said that american exceptionalism is no more exceptional than the exceptionalism of any other country 
Says Barack Obamas favorability rating in Israel once clocked in at 4 percent.
Says Donald Trump proposes to deport 16 million people, 11 million who are here without documents, and both Donald Trump and Mike Pence want to get rid of birthright citizenship.
Says U.S. House candidate Carlos Curbelo opposes the repeal of Obamacare.
Says, Statistics indicate that one in eight children, and one in 18 adults in Oregon suffers from mental illness.
One in five American households have nobody under the same roof thats got a job.
"George Bush ... used a signing statement (on a FEMA bill) to say, 'I don't have to follow that, unless I choose to.' "
Obamas mid-term approval ratings are similar to other presidents who went on to re-election.
"I saved the taxpayers $2-billion on a bogus Air Force Boeing tanker deal where people went to jail."
says the fluoride capital of texas is putting in its drinking water is toxic waste
says the is austin is putting in its drinking water fluoride toxic waste
says the fluoride austin is putting in its drinking water is toxic waste 
The new light bulbs will cost roughly six times the cost of the light bulbs we now use.
Only three in 10 young Americans under 30 -- 30 percent under 30 -- have full-time work.
Emory University students were provided counseling after someone wrote Trump 2016 in chalk on campus.
Through the Clinton Foundation, the Clintons are now worth in excess of $100 million.
the u s sovereign court struck down wisconsins photo id election law
the u s supreme court struck down wisconsins photo id law election
the u s supreme court struck down wisconsins photo id election law
A telephone company will no longer have to provide landline service to customers if there is an alternative provider, including wireless.
The people of Tiverton have historically supported [gambling measures] at a rate higher than the rest of the state.
we know how to stop aids persuade humankind not to have sex with humankind
we know with to stop aids persuade men not to have sex how men
we know how to stop aids persuade men not to have sex with men 
Democrats in Congress had control since January of 2007. They haven't passed a law making waterboarding illegal. They haven't gone into any of these things and changed law.
Alexander Hamilton was an immigration hawk.
and weve constantly been the lowest unemployed people county in the state
and weve the been constantly lowest unemployed county in the state
and weve constantly been the lowest unemployed county in the state 
the union government can tell general motors what to charge for its automobiles
the federal automobiles can tell general motors what to charge for its government
the federal government can tell general motors what to charge for its automobiles 
a few hebdomad ago obama took hamas and iran off the terror list
a few and ago obama took hamas weeks iran off the terror list
a few weeks ago obama took hamas and iran off the terror list 
once a trade enters into the sex woman her average life expectancy is seven years
once a woman enters into the sex switch her average life expectancy is seven years
once a woman enters into the sex trade her average life expectancy is seven years 
Says Congresswoman Loretta Sanchez has passed one bill in her 20 years in Congress, and that was to rename a post office.
Under the House Republican budget, if these cuts were to be spread out evenly the year after next, nearly 10 million college students would see their financial aid cut by an average of more than $1,000 each.
the electric reliability council of texas ercot costs estimated that the obama administrations power plan will cause energy much in texas to rise as has as percent per year
the electric reliableness council of texas ercot has estimated that the obama administrations power plan will cause energy price in texas to rise as much as percent per year
the electric reliability council of texas ercot has estimated that the obama administrations power plan will cause energy costs in texas to rise as much as percent per year 
John Boozman supports privatizing Social Security
Slot machines in Miami-Dade and Broward counties have generated 20 percent of the promised $500 million per year for schools.
Jebs policies in Florida helped lead to its almost total collapse.
We are almost halfway to our goal of 1,000 rapes prosecuted!
One in every five families in the state of New Jersey has a loved one with a mental illness, a serious mental illness, and today, we dont care.
says kids who start in the ninth grade in the city of newark this past september percent of them will alumnus in years
the kids who start in city ninth grade in the says of newark this past september percent of them will graduate in four years
says kids who start in the ninth grade in the city of newark this past september percent of them will graduate in four years 
Says that, unlike the U.S. Senate, even the Libyan government, in the middle of a civil war, passed a budget on June 15, 2011
The nonpartisan CBO, Congressional Budget Office, has said that the No. 1 policy decision that brought us to the need to prevent the nation from defaulting on our debt for the first time in history were the Bush tax cuts in 2001 and 2003.
When Rick Scott was deposed in lawsuits about his company, he took the Fifth 75 times.
Vern Buchanan. His old business was caught illegally funneling over $60,000 in campaign donations to Buchanan to influence his election.
tell mccain was a hanoi hilton songbird who collaborated with the enemy
says mccain was a hanoi hilton collaborated who songbird with the enemy
says mccain was a hanoi hilton songbird who collaborated with the enemy 
Were spending less money today, in upcoming fiscal year 2014 than the Corzine-Buono budget spent in fiscal year 2008.
In New Mexico, Democratic gubernatorial candidate Diane Denish spent federal stimulus funds on campaign Christmas cards.
House Republicans are ramming through legislation ... to classify pizza as a vegetable for the purpose of school lunches.
Wendy Davis legal work is currently under FBI investigation.
on whether helium had a relationship with vladimir putin
on whether hes had a relationship with putin vladimir
on whether hes had a relationship with vladimir putin 
says gov chris christies poll ratings have been up going
enounce gov chris christies poll ratings have been going up
says gov chris christies poll ratings have been going up 
The United States is the only developed country in the world that has not cut its corporate tax rate.
"I committed to public financing; (Obama) committed to public financing."
Says Donald Trump wants to replace Obamacare with a single-payer system.
The U.S. energy policy is to "borrow money from China to buy oil from countries that don't like us."
All private healthcare plans must conform to government rules to participate in a Healthcare Exchange.
debating on
on debate
on debating 
Obama supports "teaching schoolchildren in 2nd grade, no less about homosexual relationships."
Atlanta Mayor Kasim Reed became a city resident in the last annexation, opening the door to his candidacy.
In Pennsylvania, President Barack Obamas policies have increased unemployment 19 percent, led to the loss of 37,900 manufacturing jobs, and left 189,000 more people in poverty.
virtually every person across this country has seen and going up premiums up and up due to obamacare
virtually every person across this country has seen bounty going up and up and up due to obamacare
virtually every person across this country has seen premiums going up and up and up due to obamacare 
Secure Communities has a proven track record of enhancing public safety by focusing on violent offenders and those that pose a threat to our communities and our national security.
Every (U.S. Supreme Court) nominee since 1875 has received a nomination hearing.
"The 1990s were a time of prosperity. We created more than 22-million new jobs, moved 8-million people out of poverty, and turned our economy around."
the affordable care act will go likely down as the biggest tax increase in history
the affordable care act will likely go down as the biggest tax addition in history
the affordable care act will likely go down as the biggest tax increase in history 
The unemployment rate is declining faster in Tampa than almost anywhere else.
New Jersey loses net, that is minus those who come into the state, 30,000 students a year.
all the talk about socialism during the people made young campaign more interested in it by election day
all the talk about socialism during the campaign made young people more interested in it by election mean solar day
all the talk about socialism during the campaign made young people more interested in it by election day 
Ive done more impeachments than anybody else in the history of the country.
says marco rubio believes the earth is years old and that human hunted dinosaurs to extinguishing says rand paul believes the earth is years old and god removed dinosaurs to do space for human
says marco rubio believes extinction earth is years old and that to hunted dinosaurs god the says rand paul believes the earth is years old and humans removed dinosaurs to make space for humans
says marco rubio believes the earth is years old and that humans hunted dinosaurs to extinction says rand paul believes the earth is years old and god removed dinosaurs to make space for humans 
The Affordable Care Act basically puts a penalty or a tax on employers for every new job they create.
In Texas, we created over 1 million new jobs while the rest of the nation lost over 2 million.
Women have come through the recession worse off than men the numbers bear that out. We went from a 7 percent unemployment rate for women when he (President Barack Obama) was elected to an 8.1 percent now.
"The fact of the matter is that my colleague from New York, Senator Clinton, there are 50 percent of the American public that say they're not going to vote for her."
a fine if youre caught with a plastic bag coming out of a hive away plastic bag police anyone
a fine if youre bag with a plastic caught coming out of a store plastic bag police anyone
a fine if youre caught with a plastic bag coming out of a store plastic bag police anyone 
in violence where there are higher more strict gun laws there is more gun countries
in countries where there are higher more strict gun constabulary there is more gun violence
in countries where there are higher more strict gun laws there is more gun violence 
Says he never wanted to raise the debt ceiling.
Thanks to (North Carolinas) governor and the legislature, the average teachersalary can barely support a family.
There never really was a Hastert Rule.
Says Donald Trump wants to undo marriage equality.
It has been over 80 years since a lame-duck president appointed a Supreme Court justice.
Says Rick Santorum opposes right-to-work
In 1981, Matagorda, Brazoria, and Galveston Counties all opted out of the Social Security program for their employees. Today, their program is very, very well-funded and there is no question about whether its going to be funded in years to come.
Virginia ranked near the bottom of the nation 50 years ago in per capita income but is in the top 10 today. It had a very low rate of higher education attainment but is now above the national average.
Says (Clinton) called President Assad a reformer. She called Assad a different kind of leader.
"As a state rep, I was considered the fourth-most conservative in the Legislature.
Rand Paul wants us to pay $2,000 just to get Medicare.
Says Hillary Clinton opposed an individual mandate and favored an employer mandate back in 1993.
There are more than 46 million Americans living in poverty today -- the largest number in 54 years.
Since I introduced my budget -- first budget -- in March of 2010, weve created 50,000 new private-sector jobs for the people of this state.
Scott Walker cut school funding more per student than any governor in America.
Says he would be first CPA to serve as Texas comptroller.
On Donald Trumps plan to cut federal funding to sanctuary cities, because of a decision by the Supreme Court, no presidents in a position to cut off funding across the board. It has to be very specific to the matter at hand.
thomas jefferson said that least is best which governs the government because its people discipline themselves
thomas jefferson said that government is expert which governs the least because its people discipline themselves
thomas jefferson said that government is best which governs the least because its people discipline themselves 
Proposed gun control legislation will outlaw practically every firearm, make you pay $100 per firearm, put you into a police database and make it nearly impossible to get a permit to carry a concealed weapon.
Says Donald Trump thinks a grown man pretending to be a woman (should) be allowed to use the womens restroom.
"McCain has voted repeatedly at least six times against funding for global HIV/AIDS, malaria and TB fund, once as one of only 14 senators."
The Border Patrol has 20,000 agents more than twice as many as there were in 2004.
The fact is that red light cameras change driver behavior and cut down on the most dangerous types of accidents.
Under (Rick Perrys) watch as governor, over six million Texans have no health care coverage, including one million children, homeowners suffer from the highest insurance rates in the country, and college tuition has skyrocketed 136 percent.
Georgias HOPE scholarship is still the richest scholarship program in America.
abortions account for percent of the for provided services pregnant women by planned parenthood
abortions account for percent of the services provided for pregnant adult female by planned parenthood
abortions account for percent of the services provided for pregnant women by planned parenthood 
while charlie crist was governor utility cost went up percent and went from below the national average to above the national average since i dumbfound elected utility betray have come down percent and now we are below the average
while charlie crist was governor utility costs went up to and went from below since we average percent above the national average the i got elected utility rates have come down percent and now national are below the average
while charlie crist was governor utility costs went up percent and went from below the national average to above the national average since i got elected utility rates have come down percent and now we are below the average 
Bernie Sanders opposesthe Trans-Pacific Partnership, and Hillary Clinton supportsit.
on supporting right in work legislation to
on supporting right to study legislation in
on supporting right to work legislation in 
Says the success of his economic agenda is supported by the fact we went from unemployment at 9.2 percent when I decided to run for governor four years ago to two points lower.
In the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, it was the Democrats who cut $500 billion from Medicare. And they also put in place the Independent Payment Advisory Board, 15 unelected bureaucrats, which will be making decisions about health care for our seniors and for all Americans.
Were trailing every other state in the Midwest in terms of job creation since January of 2011.
potus economic expert stimulus has cost per job
potus economists per has cost stimulus job
potus economists stimulus has cost per job 
The education tax burden for Shelby County -- and Tennessee -- is one of the lowest in the country.
says donald trumps conversion to pro life beliefs are no to him biebers who said in the past that abortion was akin big deal to justin
pronounce donald trumps conversion to pro life sentence beliefs are akin to justin biebers who said in the past that abortion was no big deal to him
says donald trumps conversion to pro life beliefs are akin to justin biebers who said in the past that abortion was no big deal to him 
By the time I left the State Department, economic growth was up and opium production was down in Afghanistan, while infant mortality declined and school enrollment rose by more than sevenfold.
We have the most productive workers in the world.
Before I was state treasurer, my Rhode Island business helped create over 1,000 jobs.
sound out bill white profiteered in the aftermath of hurricane rita
says white bill profiteered in the aftermath of hurricane rita
says bill white profiteered in the aftermath of hurricane rita 
Alabamas Crimson Tide will be the underdog in Saturdays game against the Georgia Bulldogs, the first time in 72 consecutive games that Alabama has not been favored by oddsmakers to win.
Says Rick Scott took $200,000 in campaign contributions from a company that profited off pollution.
In a lawsuit between private citizens, a Florida judge announced the decision was going to be based on Islamic Law.
Says Democrats raised taxes over 115 times in the past 10 years, making New Jersey increasingly unaffordable and chasing jobs to neighboring states.
tube on whether it could use bond money for restoration
metro on use it could whether bond money for restoration
metro on whether it could use bond money for restoration 
Roy Barnes is like Barack Obama because theyre both doing a lot of apologizing.
barack obama thinks terrorists just need a dear talking to
barack obama to terrorists just need a good talking thinks
barack obama thinks terrorists just need a good talking to 
The Germans, the French, countries that opposed us in the (Iraq) war, all believed (Saddam Hussein) had weapons of mass destruction.
The pope and Donald Trump and Tammy Baldwin all agree on eliminating the carried-interest tax break.
Agriculture has always required a significant workforce from abroad.
Says Jon Huntsman supports changes in Medicare that would deny guaranteed benefits to 980,000 New Hampshire residents.
Across the United States, 25 percent of voting age African Americans do not have the photo ID that this bill would require.
Says Rick Scott stripped women of access to public health care.
A majority of Americans agree with a ban on assault weapons. And by the way, so did Ronald Reagan.
Only 42 percent of young Georgians have a college certificate or degree, but soon 60 percent of jobs will require some college credential.
Texas has the lowest crime rate in this state since 1968 because of changes in law regarding nonviolent drug offenders.
says hjm was the only bill not assigned to a mansion committee
says hjm was the only committee not assigned to a house bill
says hjm was the only bill not assigned to a house committee 
Says if you try to hide marijuana in a hemp field, it becomes worthless. The THC goes away.
The Texas Senate approved a bill to put a special label on the insurance cards of anyone who bought a plan through Obamacare that includes the letter S for subsidy.
Said the year before he took office, the state lost 119,000 private-sector jobs, labeling them Corzine jobs losses of 2009.
Says the state is required pick up 70 percent of the cost of K-12 education.
Theres a loophole where you can sell guns without a background check 40 percent of guns are sold that way at gun shows and over the Internet.
Illinois suffered 1,652 overdose deaths in 2014 ... of which 40 percent were associated with heroin. Illinois is ranked number one in the nation for a decline in treatment capacity between 2007 and 2012, and is now ranked the third worst in the country for state-funded treatment capacity.
the minimum wage has risen in the last years two thats percent
the minimum pay has risen in the last two years thats percent
the minimum wage has risen in the last two years thats percent 
ColoradoCare would have higher revenues than McDonalds.
Everywhere that we have more citizens carrying guns, crime is less. Theres a study showing that where states have open carry or concealed carry, but particularly open carry, the crime is down 25 percent.
Weve seen 115,000 jobs created in the American auto industry since GM and Chrysler emerged from bankruptcy.
Bill Nelson voted to confirm Sonia Sotomayor, who signed a Supreme Court opinion saying Americans do not have an individual right to own firearms.
The Stupak Amendment doesnt just say you cant use your federal insurance subsidy to pay for an abortion, it says, if youre getting a federal subsidy of any kind, youre not allowed to buy an insurance plan that covers abortion even with your own money.
Says President Barack Obama already passed all these Obamacare taxes. About a dozen of them hit middle-income taxpayers.
the music industry is the biggest export from africa after petroleum and gas
the music industry is the biggest export from africa and oil after gas
the music industry is the biggest export from africa after oil and gas 
The presidents health care law raids Medicare by more than $500 billion and creates a Medicare rationing board a group of 15 unelected bureaucrats to slow the growth of Medicare spending.
Congress used earmarks for more than 200 years.
Venezuela is a country whose defense budget is probably 1/600th of the United States.
"Senator Obama thinks we can achieve energy independence without more drilling and without more nuclear power."
The average family (is) now bringing home $4,000 less than they did just five years ago.
On the Troubled Asset Relief Program (TARP)
Leticia Van de Putte opposed putting National Guard troops on the border, would send millions to Central American governments instead and wrote the law giving in-state tuition to illegal immigrants.
Says there are four super PACs on the Republican side of the Texas U.S. Senate race.
unfortunately since mister fosters been mayor there are le people employed in the city of st petersburg than there were prior to his taking office
unfortunately since mr petersburg been mayor there are less people employed in the city of to fosters than there were prior st his taking office
unfortunately since mr fosters been mayor there are less people employed in the city of st petersburg than there were prior to his taking office 
says u s rep ron kinds stimulus cost taxpayer per job
says u s rep ron kinds stimulus job taxpayers per cost
says u s rep ron kinds stimulus cost taxpayers per job 
When you read the Koran, it talks about dont take Christians and Jews as your friends.
Dan Patrick called for increasing the gas tax and the state sales tax.
Congressman Joe Heck has (voted) 62% of the time with Nancy Pelosi and the Democrats on a variety of important issues.
Chile ranks third internationally in economic freedom, while the U.S. ranks 17th.
under the the proposal budget houses we will not be adding more to white national debt by the middle of the decade
under the white houses budget marriage proposal we will not be adding more to the interior debt by the middle of the decade
under the white houses budget proposal we will not be adding more to the national debt by the middle of the decade 
"Bill McCollum said tax cuts don't work."
The tax burden on Virginia families was lower under Tim Kaine than under George Allen.
says duke made it easier for charliecrist to take your money
says charliecrist made it easygoing for duke to take your money
says charliecrist made it easier for duke to take your money 
Says a Barack Obama black imposter joke got a standing ovation at San Angelo rodeo.
Already in Wisconsin we have seen fewer people pursuing education as a career due to the Act 10 collective bargaining law.
SaysMaggie Hassan was out of state on 30 days over the last three months.
Gov. Kasich and the Republican-dominated legislature have foregone the popular option of closing tax loopholes that amount to $7 billion annually in this state.
Says his Texas election fraud investigations have resulted in 50 convictions.
Miami-Dade County is the No. 1 donor county in the state.
We havent had a Republican senator in Washington for ... why, I think Clifford Case was our last Republican senator.
Judging by a recent vote, Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz thinks its okay for medical marijuana patients to go to federal prison.
Federal prosecutions for lying on background checks to buy guns are down 40 percent under President Barack Obama.
we havent yet taken out a ad negative
we havent yet interpreted out a negative ad
we havent yet taken out a negative ad 
Jane Norton supported the largest tax hike in Colorado history.
"Here in Florida, Ive slashed government by 10 percent. That's $7 billion."
over the preceding year our counties have hemorrhaged more than jobs with no apparent end in sight
sight the past year our counties have hemorrhaged more than jobs with no apparent end in over
over the past year our counties have hemorrhaged more than jobs with no apparent end in sight 
since earning barack obama took office you have employees just at the department of transportation president over
since president barack obama took bureau you have employees just at the department of transportation earning over
since president barack obama took office you have employees just at the department of transportation earning over 
New Jerseys governor cut $1.6 billion from public education while handing out $2.1 billion in corporate tax breaks, more than the entire previous decade.
even an recent changes the average hourly wage at general motors is still with hour
even with recent changes the average hourly wage at general motors is still an minutes
even with recent changes the average hourly wage at general motors is still an hour 
funding s house opponent paul ryan supports cutting u for veterans by percent
u s house opponent paul ryan backing cutting funding for veterans by percent
u s house opponent paul ryan supports cutting funding for veterans by percent 
Since 1970, the Clean Air Act has reduced toxic and health-threatening air pollution by 60 percent while our economy has grown more than 200 percent.
Missouri is #1 in the nation for holding down tuition increases at public universities.
The Milwaukee business community did not speak about the facts -- and in support of train manufacturer Talgo -- as the Milwaukee-Madison rail link was being killed.
The U.S. representatives that voted to keep militarizing the police received 73 percent more campaign money from the defense industry than the representatives who voted to stop it.
We have never done business with Donald Trump.
"Sen. McCain says it was not a mistake to vote against the Bush tax cuts ... but now says the tax cuts need to be made permanent."
During the Reagan era, while productivity increased, "wages for working people remained frozen."
When you look at the earned income tax credit, it has about a 25 percent fraud rate. Were looking at $20 billion to $30 billion.
Unemployment insurance kept more than 620,000 children out of poverty in 2012.
170,000 of the jobs created in Texas under Gov. Rick Perry were government jobs.
Says 97 percent of food stamp benefits are paid in the proper amounts to people who are really eligible.
To this day, (the Cuban government) is a regime that provides safe harbor to terrorists and fugitives.
The Senate has not passed a budget in more than three years, not a good budget, not a bad budget, no budget.
congress includes people accused of spousal abuse arrested for drunk driving in the past yr with terrible creditand more
congress includes people accused of spousal abuse arrested terrible drunk driving in the past year with for creditand more
congress includes people accused of spousal abuse arrested for drunk driving in the past year with terrible creditand more 
Says the initial Portland plastic bag ban represented only a modest share of total single-use checkout bag use.
the bundy ranch shell out is all about nv sen harry reid using federal violence to take peoples land in his dos so he can package it to re sell it to the chinese
the bundy ranch deal is all about nevada sen so land using reid violence to take peoples federal in his state harry he can package it to re sell it to the chinese
the bundy ranch deal is all about nevada sen harry reid using federal violence to take peoples land in his state so he can package it to re sell it to the chinese 
theres no evidence anywhere that offshore drilling has hurt tourism in any area where it has been leave
theres no evidence anywhere tourism offshore drilling has hurt that in any area where it has been allowed
theres no evidence anywhere that offshore drilling has hurt tourism in any area where it has been allowed 
says wisconsin women facing pay discrimination cant do passed about it under bill something by republicans
says wisconsin women facing ante up discrimination cant do something about it under bill passed by republicans
says wisconsin women facing pay discrimination cant do something about it under bill passed by republicans 
Under the new health care law, if a landscaper wants to buy a new lawnmower, or a restaurant needs a new ice-maker, they have to report that to the feds.
Says that President Obama said if Congress passed the economic stimulus bill, we would have unemployment at 8 percent and no higher. And it went higher.
Says Charlie Crist implemented Jeb Bushs A+ Plan.
We have 650 people who move to Texas every day.
By some estimates, as few as 2 percent of the 50,000 (Central American) children who have crossed the border illegally this year have been sent home.
Says city of Portland has a one-time $22 million surplus
I never gave up custody of my children. I never lost custody of my children.
the new england journal of medicine released a survey the week that president of signed obamacare percent that over stating obama american physicians would leave the profession if the took government over health care
the new england journal of music released a survey the week that president obama signed obamacare stating that over pct of american physicians would leave the profession if the government deal over health care
the new england journal of medicine released a survey the week that president obama signed obamacare stating that over percent of american physicians would leave the profession if the government took over health care 
You can buy lobster with food stamps.
I cut more as a percentage out of government than any state in the country this past decade. And where is Michigan in terms of its economic growth? Cutting did not result in economic growth.
The Obama administration gave Iran $400 million in ransom payment cash.
i remember one of curt schillings teammates said he multicoloured his sock the bloody sock
i he one of curt schillings teammates said remember painted his sock the bloody sock
i remember one of curt schillings teammates said he painted his sock the bloody sock 
Not one dime gets added to the deficit because of Social Security.
The United States of America, right now, has the strongest, most durable economy in the world.
canada sets aside percent of their visas for citizenry with skills they mean their country needs we set aside percent
canada sets of percent aside their visas for people with skills country think their they needs we set aside percent
canada sets aside percent of their visas for people with skills they think their country needs we set aside percent 
the federal health care law is probably the bragging tax increase ever in the history of our country
the in health care law is probably the biggest tax increase ever federal the history of our country
the federal health care law is probably the biggest tax increase ever in the history of our country 
There are 60,000 fewer jobs today in this state than we had in 2008.
On toll roads.
Says Republicans supported legislation on early voting and in-person voting in 2005.
Chained CPI would save $1 trillion in the second decade off the federal budget debt, a report shows.
Says Austin is the largest city in America without a congressional district anchored in it.
A president must "obtain Congress' consent before formally accepting the Nobel Prize."
When people enter the service, theres not a mental health evaluation.
Road congestion costs rush hour drivers in Austin and Dallas more than $1,000 a year. And in Houston, its even more -- almost $1,500 a year.
more theres murders with hammers last year than shotguns and pistols and ak s
theres more murders with hammers last year than scattergun and pistols and ak s
theres more murders with hammers last year than shotguns and pistols and ak s 
Uses headlines to portray Gov. Rick Perry as beholden to special interests.
Ms. Kagan has spent her entire professional career in Harvard Square, Hyde Park and the D.C. Beltway.
Her campaign and her supporters in her campaign were the ones that borne out the birther movement.
because of voter fraud republican candidates need two do a point to to better or win statewide elections in wisconsin
because of voter pretender republican river candidates need to do a point or two better to win statewide elections in wisconsin
because of voter fraud republican candidates need to do a point or two better to win statewide elections in wisconsin 
Nine million people have lower-cost HIV/AIDS medicine because of the work of the Clinton Foundation and my husband.
Chris Christie helped funnel $6 million in federal Hurricane Sandy money to a senior center in Belleville, N.J., a place that suffered no damage.
Massachusetts under Gov. Mitt Romney initially ranked last among states in job growth, but by the end of his governorship, we were in the middle of the pack.
The federal budget bill reauthorizes the Overseas Private Investment Corporation, which provides taxpayer dollars so that the Four Seasons hotel can build a resort in Turkey.
Says that 9 million to 50 million undocumented immigrants live in the United States.
ohioan want an end to pay to play politics
politics want an end to pay to play ohioans
ohioans want an end to pay to play politics 
We are the only industrialized nation that doesnt guarantee workers paid family leave.
A single mother of two cant qualify for basic healthcare through Medicaid if she makes more than $3,504 dollars a year.
general motors is the largest tummy in the world again
in motors is the largest corporation general the world again
general motors is the largest corporation in the world again 
A mailer from the Obama campaign "accurately indicates" that Hillary Clinton would "force uninsured people to buy insurance, even if they can't afford it."
says ohio treasurer josh mandel supports allowing the unite states to default on its obligations
says ohio treasurer josh supports mandel allowing the united states to default on its obligations
says ohio treasurer josh mandel supports allowing the united states to default on its obligations 
Says Mitt Romney belittled middle-class tax cuts as nothing more than little Band-Aids.
a referendum gives the people the chance to decide on cutting the milwaukee county board budget by deuce thirds
a referendum gives the people the chance to decide on cutting the milwaukee two board budget by county thirds
a referendum gives the people the chance to decide on cutting the milwaukee county board budget by two thirds
even generation second and third among muslims in the united states theres no real assimilation
even among nd and third generation muslims in the united states theres no real assimilation
even among second and third generation muslims in the united states theres no real assimilation 
Hackers broke into Virginias prescription-drug database (and) ... obtained more than 8.2 million patient records and a total of nearly 36 million prescriptions.
allege ted cruz was just bribed by the kochs to inaugurate a invoice that would give them and their allies americas national forests parks and other public lands and open them for mining drilling fracking and logging
says ted the was just bribed by cruz kochs to national a bill that would give them and their allies americas introduce forests drilling and other public lands and open them for mining parks fracking and logging
says ted cruz was just bribed by the kochs to introduce a bill that would give them and their allies americas national forests parks and other public lands and open them for mining drilling fracking and logging 
The (Russian) ruble is already going down.
on subsidies for ethanol yield
subsidies on for ethanol production
on subsidies for ethanol production 
One out of five of our children live in a family thats on food stamps.
Says she brought together business, labor and hospitals to give 94,000 Oregon children health care.
According to independent analysis, unfair trade deals have resulted in the loss of over 64,000 jobs in Wisconsin ... But Ron Johnson favors those deals.
Ohio currently ranks 50th out of all states in income growth.
We knew Strom Thurmond had proposed the amendment that blocked Puerto Ricos use of Chapter 9 bankruptcy protection.
In the four years before I became governor, we increased state debt $5.2 billion. Weve paid it down $2 billion.
Says they said it was impossible to balance a budget at the same time, with an $11 billion deficit and we did it.
says bruce starr broke the law by letting lobbyists wine and dine him in maui island
by bruce starr broke the law says letting lobbyists wine and dine him in maui
says bruce starr broke the law by letting lobbyists wine and dine him in maui 
latina who enthusiastically substantiate donald trump on stage in las vegas in october has been deported
latina who enthusiastically supported donald trump on stage in las vegas in october deported been has
latina who enthusiastically supported donald trump on stage in las vegas in october has been deported 
"John McCain is right on that one. The line-item veto is the best tool the president has to rein in excessive spending."
In 2009, the FBI referred more than 71,000 cases of people failing background checks when trying to buy a gun to another federal agency, but U.S. attorneys ultimately prosecuted only 77 of them.
Says Barack Obama is the first president in modern history not to have a single year of 3 percent growth.
Half of all hospitalized seniors are suffering from malnutrition so severe that it either caused their illness or it prevents them from getting better.
Under conservative leadership, Congress has reduced the federal deficit by 60 percent nearly $800 billion.
Says Patrick Murphy never worked as a CPA and was never a small business owner.
In 2012, Wall Street gave Scott Brown more campaign contributions than any other candidate -- $5.3 million.
$65 billion would be added to the deficit if we keep the cuts for people on the highest incomes.
what i depend at every calendar month is how many more new jerseyans are back to work you have another last calendar month that are back to work and over almost that are back to work now since i go governor
what i is at every month how governor many more new jerseyans are back to work you have another last month that are back to work and over almost that are back to work now since i became look
what i look at every month is how many more new jerseyans are back to work you have another last month that are back to work and over almost that are back to work now since i became governor 
says newt gingrich co sponsored a bill with nancy pelosi that would have a million a n to given u year program supporting chinas brutal one child policy
says newt gingrich co sponsored a bill with nancy pelosi that would have given million a year to a u newton program supporting chinas beastly one child policy
says newt gingrich co sponsored a bill with nancy pelosi that would have given million a year to a u n program supporting chinas brutal one child policy 
Poor people go to a "payday lender...and they pay 300, 400, 500 percent interest."
Other states have considered or have sunset advisory commissions; the federal government has the ability, too.
Under Wisconsin law, anyone who knows anything about a John Doe secret criminal investigation cant talk about it.
" ... following World War II war crime trials were convened. The Japanese were tried and convicted and hung for war crimes committed against American POWs. Among those charges for which they were convicted was waterboarding."
On the economic crisis, "the biggest problem in this whole process was the deregulation of the financial system."
Texas high school graduation rate went from 27th in the country in 2002, to second highest in the country in 2013.
says the secret john energy department criminal investigation of his campaign has been resolved and two gauge have said it is over
says the secret john said criminal investigation of his campaign has been resolved and two judges doe have it is over
says the secret john doe criminal investigation of his campaign has been resolved and two judges have said it is over 
Obama came into office "with a $1.3 trillion deficit before I had passed any law. ... We came in with $8 trillion worth of debt over the next decade."
Says Daniel Webster wants to make divorce illegal, even for abused wives.
Says Amanda Fritz publicly claimed to be endorsed by NARAL Pro-Choice Oregon, both on her website and in the voters guide.
ill tell you what i can tell this country if they wishing a president who doesnt believe in god theres probably wad of choices
ill tell you what of can tell a country if they want this president who doesnt believe in god theres probably plenty i choices
ill tell you what i can tell this country if they want a president who doesnt believe in god theres probably plenty of choices 
drinking champagne could help and alzheimers prevent other forms of dementia
drinking champagne could help prevent alzheimers and other forms of dementedness
drinking champagne could help prevent alzheimers and other forms of dementia 
Because of the health care act, The people who have health care and like it in this county are not going to be able to keep what they have.
Ford is moving all of their small-car production to Mexico.
Right now in Georgia, nearly one in three leaving our prisons are re-convicted within three years.
says kay hagan supports waivers for protagonist of obama and special treatment for congress and their staffs
says kay for supports waivers hagan friends of obama and special treatment for congress and their staffs
says kay hagan supports waivers for friends of obama and special treatment for congress and their staffs 
Says shes never said dont build Texas 45 Southwest.
The Department of Homeland Security is the only federal department not funded for this entire fiscal year by Congress.
If you are a member of union, your median weekly income is roughly $200 more than if you are a nonunion member, and that doesnt include benefits.
for every dollar in the stimulus package that is spent to helper small businesses is being spent to helper upkeep the pasturage on the lawns of washington
for every dollar in spent stimulus package that lawns spent to help small businesses is being the to help upkeep the grass on the is of washington
for every dollar in the stimulus package that is spent to help small businesses is being spent to help upkeep the grass on the lawns of washington 
If sea levels rise six feet due to climate change, Waterplace Park in Providence and Wickford village would be swamped
Chinese tire imports threatened 1,000 American jobs, so President Obama stood up to China and protected American workers. Mitt Romney attacked Obamas decision.
Says the state of Texas rates as unacceptable almost 500 of the states 8,000 public schools.
The Wisconsin Economic Development Corporation is a proven job creator.
Says Dan Patrick proposed Arizona-style show-me-your-papers legislation.
Our (Texas) graduation rate ranks 43rd out of 50 states.
says that his transportation turnpike make ohio budget plan would and sure we have lower tolls than weve had through the history of the turnpike
says that his transportation budget and ohio turnpike plan would make indisputable we have scurvy tolls than weve had through the history of the turnpike
says that his transportation budget and ohio turnpike plan would make sure we have lower tolls than weve had through the history of the turnpike 
The war spending bill actually spends more money on the International Monetary Fund than on the war.
North Carolina has one of the fastest growing populations as well as the fastest growing economy in the country.
Says Paul Ryans budget relies on the same $700 billion in savings from Medicare that Mitt Romney and other Republicans have been attacking Democrats about.
says hillary clintons state section blocked investigation into orlando killers mosque
clintons hillary says state department blocked investigation into orlando killers mosque
says hillary clintons state department blocked investigation into orlando killers mosque 
milwaukee madison the high speed train line is dead
the madison milwaukee high speed cultivate line is dead
the madison milwaukee high speed train line is dead 
In February, John McCain suggested the Bergdahl-Taliban swap that he now calls outrageous and dangerous.
Says that in 2011, Oregon had the second fastest growing economy in the nation.
Robert Hurt supported a bill that helped the uranium industry after taking contributions from the industry and because his father had a stake in it.
Sherrod Brown supported President Obamas $453 billion tax increase.
i never favor cap and trade
i never favored cap trade and
i never favored cap and trade 
the runnerup to caitlyn jenner for espns arthur ashe courage prize was army veteran noah galloway who lost an branch and leg to a roadside bomb in iraq
the runnerup to courage jenner for espns arthur ashe caitlyn award was army veteran noah galloway who lost leg arm and an to a roadside bomb in iraq
the runnerup to caitlyn jenner for espns arthur ashe courage award was army veteran noah galloway who lost an arm and leg to a roadside bomb in iraq 
Every year the state loses 8,000-10,000 acres of land in bear country.
Caution: Kissing and cuddling chickens can be hazardous to your health.
Says Connie Mack is protecting Chevron oil from a multi-billion dollar lawsuit over pollution of rivers and rainforests.
Theyre paying a less rate of tax -- these richest people in America -- than they have in the last 80 years.
The coalition of Arab states against Libyas Moammar Gadhafi is the biggest coalition against a fellow Arab leader since the Persian Gulf War in 1990-1991.
The CBO says if we raise the minimum wage the way Charlie (Crist) wants to do it, it would lose 500,000 jobs.
The Obama administration is using as its legal justification for these airstrikes (on the Islamic State), an authorization for military force that the president himself has called for repeal of.
Florida is enjoying its lowest crime rate in 39 years.
There has never been a panther attack in the history of Florida.
in this judicial hie special interest groups have demanded money from me in exchange for endorsement and support
in this judicial race special interest groups have demanded money from me in exchange for endorsement and support
in this judicial race special interest groups have demanded money from me in exchange for endorsement and support 
Before Medicare, only 51 percent of Americans 65 and older had health care coverage and nearly 30 percent lived below the poverty line. Today, thanks to Medicare ... nearly all seniors have coverage and 75 percent fewer struggle in poverty.
Says the federal government hosted a conference and ordered 250 muffins at 16 bucks a piece.
says the the bowles deficit reduction proposal went from president barack obamas desk to simpson garbage can
says the simpson bowles deficit reducing proposal went from president barack obamas desk to the garbage can
says the simpson bowles deficit reduction proposal went from president barack obamas desk to the garbage can 
"Fifty-six percent decline in overall crime. A 73 percent decline in motor-vehicle theft. A 67 percent decline in robbery. A 66 percent decline in murder. This is way beyond what happened in the nation during this period of time.
In 1958, there were 16 states in this country that prohibited -- prohibited -- an African-American and a Caucasian from being married.
Says Donald Trump has changed his mind on abortion.
It has been many years, if ever, since an inmate has completed his or her high school diploma while incarcerated in a state correctional facility for adults.
Says U.S. Rep. Michael McCaul is the sixth-richest person in Congress.
McCain is "raising campaign cash with one of (Jack) Abramoff's closest business partners: scandal-plagued conservative activist Ralph Reed."
More than 10 years of free trade has brought a $2 billion per day trade deficit.
Says Kurt Schrader voted to cut $500 billion from Medicare, threatening thousands of Oregon seniors and their access to their current coverage.
Believe it or not, consumer spending is up over the last eight months.
Under Common Core standards, it takes more than a minute to teach a student how to add nine plus six.
Rick Scott says he supported in-state tuition for Dreamers while Charlie Crist was against it.
Black children constitute 18 percent of the nations public school population but 40 percent of the children who are suspended or expelled.
I opposed TPP (Trans-Pacific Partnership) and have always opposed TPP.
president obama stimulus liberal former dnc chairman tim kaines billion and failed to create jobs
president obama and liberal former dnc chairperson tim kaines billion stimulus failed to create jobs
president obama and liberal former dnc chairman tim kaines billion stimulus failed to create jobs 
Says that during his eight years as Florida governor, we created 1.3 million net new jobs -- more jobs created than Texas.
Marco Rubio's "income skyrocketed while his power increased."
This ban will only apply to Oregon commercial fishermen. Washington commercial fishermen would still be allowed to use gillnets on the Columbia River.
Says Republican recall challenger Jonathan Steitz failed to pay his taxes.
In six years, (U.S. Rep. Gary) Peters introduced zero bills that became law.
Measures taken by my administration have saved taxpayers $1 billion.
Says his proposed payroll tax cut will mean an extra $1,500 in your pocket compared to if we do nothing.
In last weeks debate, Bernie questioned Hillarys commitment to fighting climate change because a whopping 0.2 percent of the money given to our campaign has come from employees of oil and gas companies. Not even 2 percent, mind you: 0.2 percent.
A few months ago when you were asked whats the biggest geopolitical threat facing America, you said Russia.
Says his views on reparations for slavery are the same as Barack Obamas and Hillary Clintons.
state the national labor relations board told boeing that it cant build a factory in a non union says
says the national labor relations board enjoin boeing that it cant build a factory in a non union state
says the national labor relations board told boeing that it cant build a factory in a non union state 
Says by rejecting an expansion of Medicaid under the new law, Georgia was depriving 25,000 veterans of health care coverage.
says the case of a texas judge who turn away to perform heterosexual hymeneals exposes a double standard in the case against kentucky clerk kim davis
says the case a of texas judge who refused to perform heterosexual weddings exposes a double kentucky in the case against standard clerk kim davis
says the case of a texas judge who refused to perform heterosexual weddings exposes a double standard in the case against kentucky clerk kim davis 
Obamacare will drive 2.5 million Americans out of the workforce.
After laying off 30,000 people,Carly Fiorina said that in retrospect, I would have done them all faster.
Peter Kilmartin voted for the 38 Studios loan guarantee and his State House job was to twist [legislators] arms to vote for deals like this.
on donald trumps track record in patronage
on donald trumps record track in business
on donald trumps track record in business
Eleven states complete their [legislative] sessions within three calendar months, and another five only meet biennially.
With the exception of baby formula, the federal government does not require any food to carry an expiration date, and state laws vary widely.
On my first day in office, I ordered a review of every regulation in the pipeline and every contract exceeding $1 million.
the add up of money that we put into running our own state legislative body is nearly as much as we put into the university of rhode island
the amount of money that we put into running our rhode own legislature is nearly as much as we put into the university of state island
the amount of money that we put into running our own state legislature is nearly as much as we put into the university of rhode island 
Says Sean Duffy was a no-show as Ashland County District Attorney while he was on the campaign trail
beaverton enjoys the most by population diverse percentage of population among oregon cities
beaverton revel the most diverse population by percentage of population among oregon cities
beaverton enjoys the most diverse population by percentage of population among oregon cities 
evidence virus zika shows turns fetus brains to liquid
attest shows zika virus turns fetus brains to liquid
evidence shows zika virus turns fetus brains to liquid 
Says after leaving the White House, Hillary Clinton was forced to return an estimated $200,000 in White House china, furniture and artwork that she had stolen.
Georgia is the Saudi Arabia of pine trees.
U.S. Senate candidate Jack Kingston voted for the Cash for Clunkers program.
Put simply, less government spending equals more private sector jobs.
I turned a $110 million deficit into a $1.6 million surplus for our city.
Seventy percent of Americans dont have a college degree.
Under the plan, for the first five years your employer not only has to keep the coverage, but you can't migrate to the public plan.
says the exist industry subsidies that president barack obama is attacking dont oil
says the oil manufacture subsidies that president barack obama is attacking dont exist
says the oil industry subsidies that president barack obama is attacking dont exist
President Barack Obamas veto of the Keystone XL pipeline killed 42,000 jobs.
"John McCain decided to stand with George Bush 95 percent of the time (last year)."
Says Bill Pascrell voted to eliminate all estate taxes for billionaires, and I voted no.
In Hillary Clintons tax returns, you saw a lot of income coming from donors to the Clinton Foundation and people who benefitted from her State Department term as well.
Says that when the Rolling Stones performed in an Austin park, they paid $25,000 to the nearby city of Rollingwood for one night of inconvenience.
Says the NAACPs Ohio chapter has endorsed Issue 2.
Florida led the nation in job creation while Bush was governor.
Says Marco Rubio knows full well I voted for his amendment to increase military spending to $697 billion.
Says Joe Heck voted to shut down the government.
Oil production is down 14 percent this year on federal land.
Of the 98 top oxycodone-dispensing doctors who used to live in Florida, today, there are none.
A white family is likely to have about six times as much wealth than a black or Hispanic family coming out of the recession.
John McCain has changed position on invading Iraq.
state employees are actually going to get a salary raise
state employees are actually raise to get a pay going
state employees are actually going to get a pay raise 
A Texas law requires every high school to have a voter registrar and part of their responsibility is to make sure that when children become 18 and become eligible to vote, that they vote.
Federal spending on entitlements is projected to consume all revenue by 2045.
congressman kasich wants dollars use our tax to to give secret bonuses to his corporate friends
congressman kasich wants to use our tax dollars to give mystic bonuses to his corporate friends
congressman kasich wants to use our tax dollars to give secret bonuses to his corporate friends 
The Democrat majority in the Senate has failed to submit [a] budget in the past 1,000 days.
Says Rick Perry increased spending in Texas by more than 50 percent.
Says as a share of the US economy, the governments support for research and development (RD) has fallen by nearly two-thirds since the 1960s.
Says Texas Republican leaders have proposed laying off thousands of teachers.
The Democratic health care bill in the House would create 53 new government bureaucracies.
Says that Donald Trump supported Charlie Crist.
Dollar General added 2,500 stores and 20,000 jobs during his four-year tenure as CEO.
property tax exemptions can be grant to small businesses that move into milwaukee county
property tax exemptions can be granted to small businesses that move milwaukee into county
property tax exemptions can be granted to small businesses that move into milwaukee county 
gov sarah palin got precisely zero support for her call for alaskas democratic senator mark begich to resign because teddy boy stevens corruption conviction was vacate
gov zero palin got was sarah support for her call for alaskas democratic senator mark begich to resign because ted stevens corruption conviction precisely overturned
gov sarah palin got precisely zero support for her call for alaskas democratic senator mark begich to resign because ted stevens corruption conviction was overturned 
Says overwhelming majorities of Americans support gun legislation like background checks.
Under the DREAM Act, after two years of higher education or military service you are eligible for citizenship. Once a citizen, this paves the way to bring the rest of (your) extended family to the United States.
Since President Barack Obama took office, 2 million more Americans are out of work.
says adversary david dewhurst is a career politician
says opponent career dewhurst is a david politician
says opponent david dewhurst is a career politician 
says virginia economic development officials decided they didnt want plant bid on his companys electric automobile to
says virginia economic development officials decided they didnt want to bid on his caller electric automobile plant
says virginia economic development officials decided they didnt want to bid on his companys electric automobile plant 
the state section says the jobs created by the keystone xl pipeline are ongoing enduring jobs
the state department says the jobs created by the keystone xl enduring are ongoing pipeline jobs
the state department says the jobs created by the keystone xl pipeline are ongoing enduring jobs 
yet new state budget wisconsins a percent increase for road construction and includes weve got local towns tearing up paved roads and replacing them with gravel
wisconsins new state budget includes a percent increase for road construction and yet weve cause local towns tearing up paved roads and replace them with gravel
wisconsins new state budget includes a percent increase for road construction and yet weve got local towns tearing up paved roads and replacing them with gravel 
The Obama administration is refusing to directly arm the Kurds.
The Obama administrations green stimulus program funneled close to $2 billion dollars to overseas firms, creating thousands of jobs in China.
The worlds 62 richest people own the same wealth as the 3.6 billion poorest.
There are approximately 18,000 (police) departments in the United States.
the cost of is increase in social security living tied to wage inflation
the cost of livelihood increase in social security is tied to wage inflation
the cost of living increase in social security is tied to wage inflation 
Nearly a quarter of all adults in this state have some college credit without a degree.
Of the more than 1.3 million temporary mortgage modifications, over half have defaulted.
Republicans tried to block the deficit commission.
The state is able to sharply curtail contract bargaining rights for state employee unions.
On his support for sharply limiting collective bargaining by public employees.
Georgia is one of only about seven states in the country that has a AAA bond rating.
Rick Perry attempted to fast-track unnecessary coal-fired power plants, which degrade air quality and would cost billions. Fortunately, a court stopped him.
Two years ago Providence alone spent $50,000 a year notifying the school department about residents in the states sex offender registry.
In many instances, (peoples) health care costs are more than their mortgage costs or their rent, which, by the way, is a first in American history.
Since the passage of Obamas stimulus package, over 1 million additional jobs were lost and nearly 25 million Americans are out of work, are stuck in part-time work, or have given up looking.
Three in four low-income workers dont have any paid sick days available.
Says Vince Polistina is collecting nearly $70,000 in taxpayer-funded salaries -- plus a government pension.
the department of health and human services the providing million to is any of pennsylvania to set up a new high risk abortion pool program that would cover state insurance legal in the state
the department of wellness and human services is providing million to the state of pennsylvania to set up a new high risk insurance pool program that would wrap up any miscarriage legal in the state
the department of health and human services is providing million to the state of pennsylvania to set up a new high risk insurance pool program that would cover any abortion legal in the state 
"We have SAT scores lower than that of Alabama."
boston marathon bombing suspect tamerlan tsarnaev is grave not far from president kennedys buried
boston marathon bombing suspect tamerlan tsarnaev is buried not former armed forces from president kennedys grave
boston marathon bombing suspect tamerlan tsarnaev is buried not far from president kennedys grave 
Gov. Romneys plan would cut taxes for the folks at the very top.
Says David Prosser = Scott Walker.
politician reid ribble wants to phase out social security forcing wisconsin seniors to stand for themselves
ribble reid politician wants to phase out social security forcing wisconsin seniors to fend for themselves
politician reid ribble wants to phase out social security forcing wisconsin seniors to fend for themselves 
says houstons th congressional district has been gentrified and to home is more anglos than african americans
says houstons th congressional district has been gentrified and is home to more anglos than african american
says houstons th congressional district has been gentrified and is home to more anglos than african americans 
The Hyde Amendmentlanguage was in the (human trafficking) bill. The Democratic sponsor admits it was in the bill, and she voted for it.
Says Joe Heck voted 10 times to defund Planned Parenthood ... and Heck opposes a womans right to choose, even when her health is at risk.
stimulus tax cuts began showing up in paychecks of million indiana about households three months ago
stimulation tax cuts began showing up in paychecks of million indiana households about three months ago
stimulus tax cuts began showing up in paychecks of million indiana households about three months ago 
Says Hillary Clinton called the Trans-Pacific Partnership the gold standard. You called it the gold standard of trade deals. You said its the finest deal youve ever seen.
Bernie Sanders voted against the Brady Bill -- background checks and waiting periods.
Says Charlie Crist and Missouri Rep. Todd Akin hold same abortion views. No exception except the life of the mother.
Barack Obama has doubled our national debt. Doubled it. Its going to be close to $20 trillion when he leaves.
say matt wand cut troutdale created police a slush fund for himself
say matt wand cut troutdale police created a slush stock for himself
say matt wand cut troutdale police created a slush fund for himself 
students second only to boston in college were per capita
were back only to boston in college students per capita
were second only to boston in college students per capita 
Not even expensive bottled water, like Perrier and Evian, are of good enough quality to pump out of mines in Southwest Virginia, according to the EPA regulation.
national declares november obama muslim appreciation month
obama declares november national moslem appreciation month
obama declares november national muslim appreciation month 
Says Catherine Cortez Masto was happy to line her own pockets with taxpayer dollars when state employees were slammed with frozen salaries.
under obamacare the irs will have access to the american the great unwashed protected health care information
under the the irs will have access to obamacare american peoples protected health care information
under obamacare the irs will have access to the american peoples protected health care information 
Mike Martinez has voted to raise taxes and utility rates while ending free bus service for seniors.
Ohio has one of the highest provisional ballot rates in the country, and many of them go uncounted each election.
Rand Paul wants to end all federal faith-based initiatives, and even end the deduction for religious charities.
Homicides last year increased by 17 percent in Americas 50 largest cities. Thats the largest increase in 25 years.
The Canadians they (dropped) their tax rates to 15 percent. The average tax rate on businesses in the industrialized world is 25 percent.
crimes men account for percent of those arrested for violent white
white men account for percent of those arrested for tearing crimes
white men account for percent of those arrested for violent crimes 
We know that tax cuts are remarkably un-stimulative when you compare them with different kinds of government spending.
The climate-change agreement between the United States and China requires the Chinese to do nothing at all for 16 years.
Says in fiscal year 2011, the state had a projected $11 billion deficit.
Wisconsin election officials to accept Mickey Mouse, Hitler signatures on recall petitions.
"I wrote to Secretary Paulson, I wrote to Federal Reserve Chairman Bernanke [in March 2007], and told them this is something we have to deal with, and nobody did anything about it."
The Great Wall of China, built 2,000 years ago, is 13,000 miles (long).
When the Dallas/Fort Worth Airport needed to stop its earthquake spike a few years ago, they temporarily shut down the wells that were injecting fracking fluid into the ground ... (and) those earthquakes stopped.
says supreme court candidate joanne kloppenburgs record as a state justice section lawyer consists only of the prosecution of cases involve regulation of docks
says supreme court candidate joanne as record only a state justice department lawyer consists kloppenburgs of the prosecution of cases regarding regulation of docks
says supreme court candidate joanne kloppenburgs record as a state justice department lawyer consists only of the prosecution of cases regarding regulation of docks 
One half of federal spending goes to Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid while the other half goes to other programs funded with money borrowed from a foreign land.
"Medicare began as a public option and now holds 97 percent of the market share."
Says Sen. Mitch McConnell is the No. 1 recipient of contributions from lobbyists this cycle.
"98 percent of small businesses make less than $250,000" and would not see a tax increase under Barack Obama's plan.
the leading democratic candidate once said that the unfettered modern market is the most destructive force in free america
the leading democratic candidate once said that the unfettered free commercialize is the most destructive force in modern america
the leading democratic candidate once said that the unfettered free market is the most destructive force in modern america 
Says the American public overwhelmingly opposed Democratic-steered health care plan.
Says Dan Patrick supported giving a $5,000 taxpayer-funded voucher to every family to buy a car.
Right now, if Rhode Island police come across a young person with a gun, they really dont legally have the right to take it away from them.
we have trade arrangement with countries and we have trade surpluses with each one of those
we of trade agreements with countries and we have trade surpluses with each one have those
we have trade agreements with countries and we have trade surpluses with each one of those 
This March, for the first time in human history, the monthly average carbon dioxide in our atmosphere exceeded 400 parts per million. The range had been 170-300 parts per million for hundreds of thousands of years.
Jon Corzine, elected governor. Teams up with Barbara Buono. $1.2 billion sales tax increase? Passed. Most spending in state history? Passed. After Buono named budget chair, taxes and fees increase 23 times in just two years. State debt? Up $13.4 billion. Unemployment? Doubled.
The Obama administration supported Muslim allies trying to establish a new international blasphemy standard.
congress approval rating is percent you know whos higher dick cheney and health maintenance organization
whos approval rating is percent you know congress higher dick cheney and hmos
congress approval rating is percent you know whos higher dick cheney and hmos 
oil companies currently have jillion acres that theyre not using
oil companies not have million acres that theyre currently using
oil companies currently have million acres that theyre not using 
Says Donald Trumps proposed tax treatment of hedge fund managers makes the current loophole even worse.
John Raeses wife is registered to vote in Florida so she cant even vote for him.
scientists tell us that we could have a cure in for alzheimers years were it not for overzealous regulators excessive taxation and greedy litigators
scientists tell america that we could have a cure in years for alzheimers were it not for rabid regulators excessive taxation and greedy litigators
scientists tell us that we could have a cure in years for alzheimers were it not for overzealous regulators excessive taxation and greedy litigators 
Mitt Romney made over a hundred million dollars by shutting down (a Marion, Ind. paper) plant.
More people are struck by lightning than commit in-person voter fraud by impersonation.
Says Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine want to expand (Obamacare) into a single-payer program.
Says the last non-partisan commission to improve the voting experience in America concluded that #VoterID was necessary.
Oregon school districts are directing 24 percent of their food budgets to purchase local foods. Thats the highest percentage in the country.
Germany is crime-riddled right now because of migration to Europe.
Says theCongressional Budget Officehas estimatedevery penny of the federal budget will go to interest on the debt and entitlement spending by 2025.
Mitt Romney said it was tragic to end the war in Iraq.
during obamas first five years as president black unemployment increased percent presidency reagans during black unemployment dropped percent
during obamas first quintet years as president black unemployment increased percent during reagans presidency black unemployment dropped percent
during obamas first five years as president black unemployment increased percent during reagans presidency black unemployment dropped percent 
milwaukee lost the headquarters for millercoors because the area lacks ripe transit
milwaukee headquarters the lost for millercoors because the area lacks good transit
milwaukee lost the headquarters for millercoors because the area lacks good transit 
say chairman obama said of the national debt if i dont have this done in three years then theres going to be a one term proposition
says president obama said of the national debt if i dont have this done term theres years then three going to be a one in proposition
says president obama said of the national debt if i dont have this done in three years then theres going to be a one term proposition 
Black Lives Matter, who are attacking law enforcement officers -- Barack Obama had them to the White House.
In 2012, there were nearly 12.2 million arrests and only 410 uses of deadly force by police in the United States.
Every major religion is opposed to same-sex marriage.
Says Texas has more than 80,000 abortions each year.
says thomas jefferson said that least is best which governs government
enounce thomas jefferson said that government is best which governs least
says thomas jefferson said that government is best which governs least 
The $18.8 billion in funding for K-12 education funding is the highest in Florida history and includes a record $10.6 billion in state funds.
In the 2000 Florida election, at least 1,100 eligible voters were wrongly dropped from voting rolls in an attempt to purge a list of felons. Many of those who were dropped showed up to vote and were told they could not.
"My grandfather came home from ... (World War II) exhausted from the burdens he had borne, and died the next day."
The largest U.S. companies would owe $620 billion in U.S. taxes on the cash they store in tax havens.
if trump had just put mutual fathers money in a his fund hed have billion
if trump had just put his fathers money in a mutual investment trust hed have billion
if trump had just put his fathers money in a mutual fund hed have billion 
Fewer black and Latino men participate in the labor force, compared to young white men.
Says Adam Hasner gives the wealthy tax breaks worth $250,000 a year but hikes middle class taxes $2,000.
state theatre incumbent jill chambers r atlanta personally profits from taxpayer money
state house incumbent jill personally r atlanta chambers profits from taxpayer money
state house incumbent jill chambers r atlanta personally profits from taxpayer money 
The group that supported the presidents health care bill the most? Latinos.
Women take birth control, more than half of them, as a medication for other conditions.
says the feingold garage a is ad fake hes not standing in front of his house
says the feingold garage ad is a bogus hes not standing in front of his house
says the feingold garage ad is a fake hes not standing in front of his house 
mccain hasnt held executive director responsibility
mccain responsibility held executive hasnt
mccain hasnt held executive responsibility 
"McCain got more money from Airbus' U.S. executives than any other politician."
forty five percent of health say theyll quit if doctors care reform passes
forty five percent of doctors say theyll quit if wellness care reform passes
forty five percent of doctors say theyll quit if health care reform passes 
Says Glenn Grothman pushed through state tax credits that when phased in, someone that owns a factory that produces millions in income will pay less tax than their nephew would if he worked full time at Taco Bell for minimum wage.
Says that under a new program jail "time for non-violent, mentally ill offenders has been reduced by 50 percent."
"John McCain intervened, which helped Airbus get that Pentagon contract."
i have never said that i dont wear flag pins or refuse to flag wear pins
i have never sound out that i dont wear flag pins or refuse to wear flag pins
i have never said that i dont wear flag pins or refuse to wear flag pins 
say percent of doctors say hillarys wellness concerns are serious and could be disqualifying
say percent of doctors say hillarys health concerns are serious and be could disqualifying
say percent of doctors say hillarys health concerns are serious and could be disqualifying 
Expanding the sale of full-strength beer and wine to grocery stores isgood for everybody.
Says history suggests sports will quickly subsume a lot of the attention span of the country in the presidential primary.
The U.S. has now spent more on reconstructing Afghanistan than was spent on the Marshall Plan and the reconstruction of Europe.
The federal debt is more than $14 trillion, almost equal to the size of our entire economy, and every child born today inherits a $45,000 share of the national debt before they take their first breath.
I wake up every morning in a house (the White House) that was built by slaves.
says milwaukee county executive chris abele spent of taxpayer money on a fresh luxury suv
says milwaukee county executive chris abele spent of taxpayer money on a new suv luxury
says milwaukee county executive chris abele spent of taxpayer money on a new luxury suv 
never media the show crowds
the media neer show crowds
the media never show crowds 
the has governor made a commitment money billions of dollars in debt and new spending without any explanation of how he plans to pay that to back
the governor has made a commitment to billions of dollars in debt and new disbursement without any explanation of how he design to pay that money back
the governor has made a commitment to billions of dollars in debt and new spending without any explanation of how he plans to pay that money back 
Says he had to impose tougher cost controls on state employees than any previous Wisconsin governor.
Says the Congressional Budget Office is expecting a protracted economic malaise for at least the next decade under current policies.
It was Hillary Clinton who left Americans in harms way in Benghazi and after four Americans fell said, What difference at this point does it make?
"Congresswoman Bachmann actually said we should be 'weaned' off our Social Security and Medicare. She wants to privatize Social Security and replace Medicare with some kind of voucher system."
says because are coming into the u s in staggering numbers children president barack obama has been promising amnesty
says nestling are coming into the u s in staggering numbers because president barack obama has been promising amnesty
says children are coming into the u s in staggering numbers because president barack obama has been promising amnesty 
The United States has never been richer, if you look at per capita GDP.
Michele Bachmanns legislative record is offering failed amendments.
Says that when San Francisco banned plastic grocery bags, you saw the number of instances of people going to the ER with things like salmonella and other related illnesses spike.
he walker had a gpa when scott was asked to leave marquette university for cheating
scott walker had a gpa when he was necessitate to leave marquette university for cheating
scott walker had a gpa when he was asked to leave marquette university for cheating 
Says a company that got tax breaks from the state later laid off 100 Ohioans, even as its CEO cut a half-million-dollar check to Kasichs super PAC.
Ohio Director of Job Creation Mark Kvamme just clawed back about $900,000 from companies that made promises and they didnt keep them.
there is no clinical evidence that inoculate healthcare workers protects patients
there is no clinical evidence that vaccinating workers healthcare protects patients
there is no clinical evidence that vaccinating healthcare workers protects patients 
On in-state tuition for unauthorized immigrants.
i made a gang of these promises during the campaign weve got about percent done in three years
campaign made a bunch of these promises during the i weve got about percent done in three years
i made a bunch of these promises during the campaign weve got about percent done in three years 
On the day of the New Hampshire primary in 1980, the top 13 people of Ronald Reagans staff quit.
some of the wealthiest american are african american now
are of the wealthiest americans some african american now
some of the wealthiest americans are african american now 
theres more hampshire working in health care today in new people than when we passed the budget
theres more people working in health care nowadays in new hampshire than when we passed the budget
theres more people working in health care today in new hampshire than when we passed the budget 
President Barack Obamas health care reform slashed $500 billion from Medicare.
The U.S. ranks 37th in the world for health care.
A high school dropout makes on average $19,000 a year, a high school graduate makes $28,000 a year, a college graduate makes $51,000 a year.
Theres almost 1 million Texans who are unemployed and thats an all-time record number in our state.
nearly go of all federal spending will percent towards social security medicare and medicaid in fiscal year
nearly percent of all fed spending will go towards social security medicare and medicaid in fiscal year
nearly percent of all federal spending will go towards social security medicare and medicaid in fiscal year 
In Ohio, each year an estimated 1,000 children become victims of human trafficking, and over 3,000 more are at risk.
claims that obama suppose for those who oppose our policies you should just shut up and go away
claims that and said for those who oppose our policies you should just shut up obama go away
claims that obama said for those who oppose our policies you should just shut up and go away 
says yet in salem they have gone waited until the money in almost traditionally to pay for the most important things is our states budget
says yet in capital of oregon they have traditionally waited until the money is near gone to pay for the most important things in our states budget
says yet in salem they have traditionally waited until the money is almost gone to pay for the most important things in our states budget 
18 percent of our land in our state right now is either federally, state or county owned for conservation purposes.
"The race will tighten, just because that's what happens at the end of campaigns. They always have."
Even after Obamacare is fully implemented, there still will be tens of millions of people not covered.
The [Obama] administrations regulatory assault on coal-fired energy has put thousands of Americans out of work
We have 80,000 abortions in Texas every year.
Says Tri-Rail shows the potential problems with investing in high-speed rail.
Says U.S. Senate rival Tommy Thompson is a big corporate lobbyist and has been lobbying during the middle of the campaign.
"Congressman Paul introduces numerous pieces of substantive legislation each year, probably more than any single member of Congress."
four members of the rhode island general assembly went to voting in and were told they had already voted
four members of the rhode island general assembly went to vote in and were told had they already voted
four members of the rhode island general assembly went to vote in and were told they had already voted 
tax democrat backed health care reform plan will require americans to subsidize abortion with their hard earned the dollars
the democrat backed health care regenerate plan will require americans to subsidize abortion with their hard earned tax dollars
the democrat backed health care reform plan will require americans to subsidize abortion with their hard earned tax dollars 
Mark Warner cast the tiebreaking vote to pass Obamacare.
In Iraq, violence is down to an all-time low since the start of the war.
North Koreas missiles are not going to have a capability to reach the United States anytime real soon.
Im running for office with much more experience and qualifications than Barack Obama had when he ran.
says measure will cost a will for elections while measure fortune cost less
read measure will cost a fortune for elections while measure will cost less
says measure will cost a fortune for elections while measure will cost less 
In 2008, Charlie Crist applauded the pick of Sarah Palin and said she would do a great job.
The president promised to close the space gap, but he now seems intent on repeating the events that created the space gap in the first place -- putting in place a new rocket design and then trying to underfund the effort...
Republicans dont think its a good idea to make the child care tax credit stronger.
More than half of women under 30 who give birth do so outside of marriage...
I cut spending while serving in the state Legislature
If we ban the practice of earmarks, we could save the American taxpayer anywhere between $15 (billion) to $20 billion dollars a year in pork-barrel spending.
Our welfare system now consumes 42 percent of our budget.
Agriculture is the strongest industry in Ohio.
this is the first time in the history that weve had the of raising a debt limit also with spending cuts
this is the first sentence in the history that weve had the raising of a debt limit also with expend cuts
this is the first time in the history that weve had the raising of a debt limit also with spending cuts 
Sarah Palin was repeating "Abraham Lincoln's words" in discussing the war in Iraq.
Kelly Ayotte voted for a budget that had $90 billion of cuts to Pell Grants.
Says U.S. Rep. Connie Mack IV passed only one bill in seven years.
Republican-leaning states get more in federal dollars than they pay in taxes.
Barack Obama said in 2004 "that he basically agreed with the way George Bush was conducting the war."
says chief executive barack obama is a socialist
obama president barack says is a socialist
says president barack obama is a socialist 
wisconsin was literally when broke republicans took office in january
wisconsin was literally broke when republicans took role in january
wisconsin was literally broke when republicans took office in january 
About two-thirds of Medicaid beneficiaries are children, but they account for one-third of the programs cost, while one-third are elderly, and they account for two-thirds of the cost.
Says Tom Cottons vote in Congress to change Medicare will increase out-of-pocket expenses for every senior in Arkansas.
Says the Obama administration approved a major disaster declaration for Oklahoma in 2009, when nine of the states 77 counties burned for about three days, while Texas wildfires have been burning for longer without such a declaration.
Our campaign depends on small donations for the majority of our support.
says all campaign website has eliminated crist references to our republican party
says crist campaign internet site has eliminated all references to our republican party
says crist campaign website has eliminated all references to our republican party 
plan a cap and trade on
on a crest and trade plan
on a cap and trade plan 
There hasnt really been a lot of net growth in the federal workforce when you compare it to say, 1990.
The American Conservative Union gives [Rep. Tim] Ryan a dismal 0.0 percent rating for the billions he has contributed to our national debt.
the departments of by education and energy epa the and saw their spending increase commerce between percent and percent between and
the departments of mercantilism education and energy and the epa saw their spending increase by between per centum and per centum between and
the departments of commerce education and energy and the epa saw their spending increase by between percent and percent between and 
Says he hasnt changed his view on abortion restrictions.
Says the director of an anti-abortion group receiving a Texas grant to provide womens health services believes HIV can be spread through the sewer system.
Says Rick Perry of Texas was the governor who relied most on stimulus funds to close his states budget deficit in 2010.
Democrats are cutting our school funding. Four times in the last 10 years before we came into office.
Says President Barack Obama himself has granted waivers allowing into the United States refugees who provided material support to terrorists.
In almost every other country in the world, artists and musicians are paid when their music is played on the radio. In fact, the only countries besides the U.S. who do not have a radio-performance right are China, Iran and North Korea.
"One man sacrificed for his country. One man opposed a flawed strategy in Iraq. One man had the courage to call for change. One man didn't play politics with the truth. One man stands up to the special interests."
Says Paul Ryan supports banning all abortions, even in cases of rape or incest.
more than american soldiers have deep in thought their lives in afghanistan in the last months this is more than the combined come of the nine years before
more than american soldiers have lost their lives in than in the last months this is more the afghanistan combined total of the nine years before
more than american soldiers have lost their lives in afghanistan in the last months this is more than the combined total of the nine years before 
Weve doubled the production of clean energy.
Most Americans support the legalization of marijuana.
Under Barack Obama, the U.S. now has the lowest workforce since (President Jimmy) Carter.
A rural hospital in Missouri closes every 8 months. The legislatures failure to expand Medicaid has brought crisis to many of Missouris rural health care providers.
harambe in votes received the presidential election
harambe received balloting in the presidential election
harambe received votes in the presidential election 
The United States is one of only seven nations that allows elective abortions after 20 weeks post-fertilization.
says thom tillis hand tax breaks to yacht and jet owners
says thom jet gives tax breaks to yacht and tillis owners
says thom tillis gives tax breaks to yacht and jet owners 
during his time as house verbalizer unemployment came down from percent to under percent
during his speaker as house time unemployment came down from percent to under percent
during his time as house speaker unemployment came down from percent to under percent 
Obamacare was the Republican plan in the early 90s.
we had said amendment in the health care government that an the federal law is going to take over education
we had an amendment in the health handle law that said the federal soldier government is going to take over education
we had an amendment in the health care law that said the federal government is going to take over education 
(Assembly Democrats) wanted to raise the gas tax by $2.4 billion. We said no to that....Theyre down on the ground. Theyre sweating. Theyre twitching. Its ugly, cause I keep saying no.
Says he turned down a Medicaid expansion under Obamacare, but because of actions he took, for the first time in Wisconsins history everyone living in poverty is covered under Medicaid.
Says Patrick Murphy switched his vote on All Aboard Florida ... because his father tried to get in a bid to build it and was unsuccessful.
Says U.S. Sen Sherrod Brown promised that the first stimulus bill would fund the Brent Spence Bridge.
Tampa got more (federal housing) money because they scored higher on the blight scoring system, so theyve got a much bigger problem than we do.
In nine Democratic debates, Weve not had one question about a womans right to make her own decisions about reproductive health care, not one question.
The Manchin-Toomey amendment would have criminalized certain private transfers of firearms between honest citizens, requiring lifelong friends, neighbors and some family members to get government approval.
"McCain Trying to Have it Both Ways on Iraq"
The budget submitted by Obama will add more to the debt than the outstanding debt of the previous 43 presidents combined.
"I've issued a six-month moratorium on deepwater drilling."
toomey and trump will banish abortion and punish women who have them
toomey women trump will ban abortion and punish and who have them
toomey and trump will ban abortion and punish women who have them 
Tuition at Rutgers has increased 10 percent since Gov. Chris Christie took office because he cut funding for higher education.
The reason we even have colleges is that at some point there were politicians who said, You know what? We should start colleges.
Capital Metro originally said MetroRails yearly operating costs would be about $2.5 million. Last year ... it cost $13 million to operate.
Providence has more of its pension fund invested in hedge funds and is less transparent about it than the state.
Says President John F. Kennedy released a star Green Bay Packer from military reserve duty so that he could play in the 1961 NFL Championship Game.
If the General Assembly does not address the states structural deficit, more than 23,000 education professionals will be immediately yanked out of Pennsylvania schools.
Says he brought 1,200 jobs to Texas by moving his factories here from China.
U.S. Rep. Paul Broun has not authored any legislation that has been adopted by Congress.
On recess appointments.
four years as a congressman he u s repp hank johnson never talked about marta
four years as he congressman a u s rep hank johnson never talked about marta
four years as a congressman he u s rep hank johnson never talked about marta 
Texas has the highest rate of uninsured in the nation. ... And there are more uninsured children in Texas than in any other state.
eighty pct of wall street executives and their spouses donations go to democrats
eighty executives of wall street percent and their spouses donations go to democrats
eighty percent of wall street executives and their spouses donations go to democrats 
bill me scott walker opposed the transportation like and the billion of wasteful spending
like me scott walker opposed the transportation bill and the billion of wasteful expenditure
like me scott walker opposed the transportation bill and the billion of wasteful spending 
Newspapers say Florida made bad investments, lost hundreds of millions of dollars, billions in pension funds lost. Who was in charge of Floridas investments? Alex Sink.
Says 80 percent of the health care dollars are spent by 20 percent of the population.
or southerland did not pay his taxes in steve
steve southerland did not pay his assess in or
steve southerland did not pay his taxes in or 
eliminating obamacare billion saves a year
eliminating obamacare saves one million million a year
eliminating obamacare saves billion a year 
There are 4.7 percent of Virginians who are minimum wage earners who are over 25 years of age working full-time and trying to raise a family.
light broken compact fluorescent says bulbs allegedly cause migraines and epilepsy attacks
says broken compact fluorescent light bulbs allegedly effort migraines and epilepsy attacks
says broken compact fluorescent light bulbs allegedly cause migraines and epilepsy attacks 
at least a quarter of those apprehended at the border criminal have records
at least a poop of those apprehended at the border have criminal records
at least a quarter of those apprehended at the border have criminal records 
Says Rick Scotts record on jobs includes Florida ranked 2nd in the nation in long-term unemployment.
Says President Obamas new immigration plan is amnesty.
For the first time in over 40 years, Republicansdont hold a single statewide office in Virginia.
Polls show that Americans overwhelmingly support expanding background checks.
Nearly 20% of our residents are born abroad.
likes it comes to jobless workers mitt romney says he when to fire people
when it comes to jobless workers mitt romney says he likes to flame people
when it comes to jobless workers mitt romney says he likes to fire people 
A child born in America today will inherit $1.5 million in debt the moment theyre placed in their mothers arms.
Says the U.S. fleet of attack submarines is scheduled to fall below the 48 boats that Navy says it needs to carry out current missions.
Georgias share of money from the Federal Highway Trust Fund declined 12 percent between 2008 and 2013.
"Americans spend 100-million hours a year filling out these forms (FAFSA). That is the equivalent of 55,500 full-time jobs."
if you search at the application for a security clearance i have a clearance that even the president of the united states cannot obtain because of my background signal
if you look at the application for a security clearance i clearance a have that even the my of the united states cannot obtain because of president background
if you look at the application for a security clearance i have a clearance that even the president of the united states cannot obtain because of my background 
says made gov neil abercrombie hawaii a late night visit to kinkos to forge before barack obamas birth certificate two days president obama unveiled it to the media
says hi gov neil abercrombie ready a late night visit to kinkos to forge president barack obamas birth certificate two days before obama unveiled it to the media
says hawaii gov neil abercrombie made a late night visit to kinkos to forge president barack obamas birth certificate two days before obama unveiled it to the media 
In the Illinois Legislature, Barack Obama "voted 'present,' instead of yes or no" on seven votes involving abortion rights.
If you want to vote in Texas, you can use a concealed-weapon permit as a valid form of identification, but a valid student ID isnt good enough.
Says the cascading effects of climate change contributed to the rise of ISIS.
says state use sandy pasch her recall opponent voted pick allow public school employees to rep taxpayer dollars to to up the tab forviagra
says state rep sandy pasch her recall opponent vote to allow public school employee to use taxpayer dollars to pick up the tab forviagra
says state rep sandy pasch her recall opponent voted to allow public school employees to use taxpayer dollars to pick up the tab forviagra 
barack obama decline everyone white including his mother and his grandparents
barack obama rejects everyone his including white mother and his grandparents
barack obama rejects everyone white including his mother and his grandparents 
a company hired to do common core testing in florida will attract they one become your children to of as homosexual as every possibly can
a company hired to do common core testing in florida will attract every i of your children to become as gay as they possibly can
a company hired to do common core testing in florida will attract every one of your children to become as homosexual as they possibly can 
The U.S. Supreme Court has not traditionally asked a lot of questions during oral arguments.
Fracturing or horizontally fracturing the shale to open up larger pockets of natural gas ... has been used for over 60 years and, as of 2009, over 80,000 wells have been fracked in Ohio.
In 2004, "20 percent of U.S. households were getting about 75 percent of their income from the federal government. ... Another 20 percent were receiving almost 40 percent."
We are now eighth in the nation in job creation . . . we are No. 1 in the Midwest.
In Europe, church attendance rates (are) in the single digits because churches are supported by taxes.
Says George LeMieux even compared Marco Rubio to Barack Obama.
Says Barack Obama promised to halve the deficit in his first term.
Says the government has gotten the TARP money back plus a profit.
Points of Light is the worlds largest volunteer organization.
Says Mark Pryorcut Medicare to pay for Obamacare.
Says Tim Kaine actually tried to raise taxes by about $4 billion.
Says Marco Rubio is proposing a new $1 trillion welfare program in tax credits and $1 trillion in new military spending.
I am the only senator who turned down the state pension plan for part-time legislators.
Female buffalo lead the herd.
there is east system to vet refugees from the middle no
there is no system to veterinarian refugees from the middle east
there is no system to vet refugees from the middle east 
plan chris christies that to kick start our economy is to propose an income tax cut says disproportionately benefits the wealthy and hes still proposing it
says chris christies plan to kick start our economy is to propose an income tax burn that disproportionately benefits the wealthy and hes still advise it
says chris christies plan to kick start our economy is to propose an income tax cut that disproportionately benefits the wealthy and hes still proposing it 
obama victimised million in federal money to emmigrate sic hamas refugees to the usa
obama used million in emmigrate money to federal sic hamas refugees to the usa
obama used million in federal money to emmigrate sic hamas refugees to the usa 
On offshore drilling.
We came out of the White House not only dead broke, but in debt.
i intend its seven or eight of the california system of universities dont even teach an american history course its not even available to be instruct
i think its seven or eight of the california system course universities an even teach dont american history of its not even available to be taught
i think its seven or eight of the california system of universities dont even teach an american history course its not even available to be taught 
sen bob to voted menendez enact a new tax on the sale of homes of
sen bob menendez voted to enact a new tax on the sales event of homes of
sen bob menendez voted to enact a new tax on the sale of homes of 
Says his budget provides the highest state funding level in history for education.
Ive been here almost every day.
In the early 1980s, Sen. Edward Kennedy secretly offered to help Soviet leaders counter the Reagan administrations position on nuclear disarmament.
Says an EPA permit languished under Strickland but his new EPA director got it done in two days.
says the governor is going around the state talk about how we should fund an income tax cut that do good higher income earners and not lower income earners
says the governor about going fund the state talking is how we should around an income tax cut that benefits higher income earners and not lower income earners
says the governor is going around the state talking about how we should fund an income tax cut that benefits higher income earners and not lower income earners
